Student reviews of CHEM 120: General Chemistry 1
University of Waterloo — collected from UWFlow (student-run course review site)
Course stats: 577 ratings | 81% found it useful | 69% found it easy | 70% liked it

Review 1 (student liked the course):
Took it online with Laura's videos which were super helpful whenever I was stumped. Follow the course notes, try questions, and consult videos/ask for help when you're stuck, and you'll be fine (if they offer this online again).

Review 2 (student liked the course):
Requires a good amount of practice and time, but the course is set up in a way to help you succeed if you are willing to put in the effort.

Review 3 (student liked the course):
Ingram is a great prof - made content engaging and easyish to follow. Mainly a high school review of chem but a few extra stuff as well

Review 4 (student disliked the course):
I took this course in Fall 2021. The content and weekly participation challenges were easy to follow along. But, in my opinion, they did not prepare you for the assignments and midterms. I would feel ready after looking over the content videos and slides but once I'd start the midterm, questions that were never in practice would show up.

Review 5 (student disliked the course):
Did not enjoy the course much but did well. Just stay up to date and it will be fine

Review 6 (student liked the course):
Pretty easy course overall, but lacks practice problems. Lots of opportunities to boost your mark. I don't like how answers are not disclosed for incorrect attempts for practice assignments.

Review 7 (student liked the course):
Textbooks honestly not needed, but if your a workaholic and have the spare time you could do some stuff from it I guess, but definitely would not stress. I got a low 90 in the course overall without touching the textbooks, and 100% on the first midterm and a mid 90 on the second (and the second midterm I could have got 100 on I just had a few clumsy mistakes that were just caused by misreading questions). The final exam I got a 90 on and unfortunately I couldnt see what I did wrong for that as they dont release what you got right and wrong on mobius like they did for the tests so thats unfortunate but still a 90 is a good mark, I assume I might have made a few clumsy mistakes like with the 2nd test. ALSO make sure to do all the participation challenges and assignments on time (regardless of whether or not the assignments are due at the end of the term) as they were super useful for the tests and exams (AND I REALLY MEAN THEY WERE SUPER USEFUL). Make sure to question everything you dont understand and dont be afraid to reach out on piazza or even message a prof to try and expand your knowledge. I even was able to schedule teams meetings (with Dr Sciana shoutout to him). As for the extra practice at the ends of screencasts I would actually HEAVILY RECCOMEND don't stress a ton to feel the need to do them immediately, but rather actually preferably leave them until you start studying for tests/exams as they will be new questions on content that you might have forgot a bit about and then they will be great study tools to help test your knowledge as you dont have that sorta possibility to get them right simply by remembering what you were did before (you actually have to think because you havent done them before whereas things like the assignments you already did in the past). Additionally obviously when studying re-do the participation challenges and assignments multiple times, and with all these tips you will 100% thrive.

Review 8 (student liked the course):
If you pay attention in class and at least try to do some of the homework (and ALL the assignments online, these are the most important), you'll be fine.

Review 9 (student disliked the course):
This course was somewhat difficult, passed with a B+. There are 2 major tests (both worth 20%) and a final exam (worth 40%) and the remaining 20% is participation challenges and assignments. Majority of your grade depends on how well you do on the 2 midterms and exam so you REALLY got to make sure that you are well prepared before the tests becauses its a big chunk of your grade. The first 3 units were terrible, but the all other units were basically grade 12 chemistry with small new pieces of information, so those units weren't difficult. Piazza was really helpful and really got me through this course, it's a great platform to asks questions so I would suggest using that. This is the type of courses were you need to spend at least 2 weeks prior to a test reviewing all the units, you can't cram last minute, that doesn't work for this course, you seriously need to know your stuff so use the tools they provide, don't be scared to email the prof or TAs about questions, and ask peers for help. If you do all of that, you'll do well in this course

Review 10 (student liked the course):
Good course! But hardest first year course in science I think. This course is not necessarily easy but they're tons of resources to make it manageable. The grading scheme helps a LOT with bumping up your grades if you fall short in the midterms and final. I got smoked by the final but was able to scrape 80s from all the participation challenges and assignments. Even though these are optional, I highly recommend doing them.

Review 11 (student disliked the course):
Started off with review from high school, but if you didnt already know that stuff or didnt remember it, it wouldve been difficult as it was pretty brief. This course was probably more difficult for me than it needed to be because i got a behind on lectures and didnt take the time to do practice questions. would recommend putting the effort in

Review 12 (student liked the course):
Did it online, would highly recommend not doing so (if you have the choice, of course). The online version had optional weekly challenges and optional assignments. These questions were very good prep or the midterms/exam, and they take weight off the midterms/exams, so would highly recommend taking advantage.

Review 13 (student liked the course):
The content isn't too difficult, and the lectures are pretty clear. The tests are where all the difficulty comes from

Review 14 (student disliked the course):
Yikes

Review 15 (student liked the course):
First of all, shoutout to Scott Hopkins for the best Module Videos - he made me fall in love with Chemistry. This course is pretty easy if you've done Chemistry in high school before. The course content is structured really well and the video are amazing in helping you learn. Plenty of examples, and the assessment structure for this course is pretty good as well. Overall, really recommend this course for any non-science major looking to take up a science elective!

Review 16 (student disliked the course):
The content is not really that hard but the profs seem to overcomplicate it and go over everything we don't need to know rather than teaching the stuff we do need to. There was one prof that kept talking about the history of chem rather than explaining the lessons.

Review 17 (student disliked the course):
*Taken remotely due to COVID* Make sure to keep up with the content, there are several professors for this course and they each have their own teaching style that varies drastically. Some professors don't even use the course notes, they just make their own things that hardly coincide with the notes, but the course notes contain the content that is actually tested.

Review 18 (student disliked the course):
A very controversial class in regards to its difficulty, but in all honesty, a majority of it is Gr 11-12 review. KEEP YOUR NOTES FROM THESE GRADES. I took this class online during COVID-19 and watched maybe 5 of the lectures and rest I caught onto from Gr 11-12 notes and the course notes provided. I personally did not use the textbook other than to cite and reference for 120L and to study for the exam. The course is scary and a little intimidating, but push through; it is absolutely possible to pass with 90%+. I was close with an 89%. Midterms and exam were alright, I found the exam easier than all the midterms. Be sure you understand your stoichiometry and all things quantum (VSEPR, orbitals, hybridization, etc.). Good luck!

Review 19 (student liked the course):
Pretty easy rehash of grade 12 chemistry.

Review 20 (student liked the course):
go to every. single. lecture. write it all down all of it !!!!!

Review 21 (student liked the course):
Honestly, this course isn't that bad. this is coming from someone who absolutely hated sch4u in grade 12, i actually felt like this course was interesting. i would say there's a lot of building on things you learned in grade 12, plus a few new things, but in my opinion so long as you put in the work and try not to procrastinate (since the way the course is structured it's really easy to fall behind, at least during COVID times) you'll probably be fine. my best advice is to get help if you need it, there's so many upper years willing to help since they know this time is tough for you, so reach out for help if you need someone to help explain things a bit for you.

Review 22 (student liked the course):
This class was definitely challenging but also very manageable. The textbook is a life-saver for making sure you know concepts, however, it is not as helpful for theory questions, and those are important! Overall, you can do well if you put in the effort. Special Mention: Professor Hopkins' lecture videos were very entertaining if you're taking the course online.

Review 23 (student liked the course):
I took this course online, and taught by all 3 profs: Hopkins, Ingram and Tsen. They all have different approaches when teaching this course; it is just a matter of adjusting to their teaching style. Overall an easy course with a small expansion on SCH 3U from high school. Do NOT make the mistake I did and think that reading course notes, doing assignments and participation challenges are enough, especially if chem is a weaker subject. DO THE TEXTBOOK QUESTIONS, BUY THE TEXTBOOK. IT will help you a lot (in fact, a lot of the questions on the midterms were either similar to or exactly the same as the questions in the textbook). Furthermore, take advantage of the Piazza website, you can get answers from other students or the instructors in a matter of minutes.

Review 24 (student disliked the course):
The course is absolutely unorganized fo people who don't have a strong chem background this might be scary but you will struggle if you haven't seen quantum numbers before and the professors were really bad at explaining; ps: CAN THE PROFESSORS PLEASE STOP TONGUE CLICKING DURING VIDEOS IT DRIVES ME AND A LOT OF STUDENTS CRAZY AND WE CAN'T FOCUS AT ALL JUST DON'T FORCE US TO HEAR UR SALIVA EVERY 3 SECONDS ?

Review 25 (student liked the course):
I think this class could have been harder especially if you were in Marta's class, he taught well and people from other classes often went to his lectures.

Review 26 (student liked the course):
Easiest course I have ever taken. My first and second time I have ever read the course notes were both 12 hours before the tests and I got 80+ both times.

Review 27 (student liked the course):
The only reason I'm not struggling is because I learned most of this in highschool. But why is there so much physics happening pls stop

Review 28 (student liked the course):
high school materials, basic foundations for other science courses

Review 29 (student liked the course):
Chemistry was never my favourite subject but man did this course change my opinion!! I had Prof Tsen and he was very good at teaching the material. I did find that for hard material he didn't "dumb it down" (which I sometimes need) so I found watching Dr Ingram's vids veryyyyyy helpful. I LOVE that she does clicker questions so that you're actively recalling the material (honestly the best study method, look into it) and you can really see where the holes in your knowledge are. The first test was a bit tough (got a 60 something) but after keeping up with the course notes, reviewing and most importantly doing the assignments, I managed to bring my mark up to an 80!

Review 30 (student liked the course):
I am a first year biology student who took this course in fall 2019. As someone who regularly went to class, I did not find this course too difficult. Some of the concepts overlapped from high school, while others were new but still relatively simple. The course notes were extremely useful and I definitely recommend buying them. However, I did not buy the textbook and personally did not think I would have needed it at all. There were biweekly assignments which closely followed what was done in class and were great to use later study guides. The tutorials were also useful study tools. I also recommend doing the participation quizzes, they are very simple and allow you to get the participation marks. All the resources are available to do very well in this course if you put in the effort. The midterms and exams were also very fair. Overall this course was pretty useful and easy and I enjoyed it!

Review 31 (student liked the course):
most of the content in this course is from grade 12 chemistry. there are course notes you can get and annotate during class. there are online assignments that you can do and participation marks which get you a free 15% of your grade. both midterms were pretty fair, and can be done well if you know your stuff. average for first midterm was in the high 60s and second midterm was in the 70s. laura ingram was AMAZING as an instructor for this course. she explains concepts very well, easy to approach and asks questions, and genuinely cares about how her students do. the final was also very fair, 60 MC questions; know your stuff and you can easily pull 90s in the course.

Review 32 (student liked the course):
The course is very well structured and organized, and the course notes are extremely comprehensive. However, you WILL struggle if you've never done high school chemistry before, as it does assume is pretty generous amount of previous knowledge. It's all multiple choice (but this might change soon for chem students) so it's fairly easy to do well without knowing everything.

Review 33 (student liked the course):
Expands on high school chemistry. Fairly easy course, lots of area for participation to boost your grade! Midterms are fair (although the first one is more difficult), exam is fair as well. Very well organized course.

Review 34 (student liked the course):
Most of the content is review from high school, and any of the content that was new to me was explained well in my opinion. Laura Ingram is great and easy to understand.

Review 35 (student liked the course):
This is the course that turned me from a chemistry hater to a chemistry lover. I'm a physics major so I thought this course was kinda useless. However, the amazing course notes and well-paced lectures changed my mind for the better. Looking forward to future chem courses.

Review 36 (student liked the course):
Very easy course. I took it online and there were weekly online assignments worth 3 % each, weekly participation quizzes and 2 hand written assignments. The final was multiple choice questions. If you took high school chemistry this is an easy 90. Even without, the course isn't that hard if you put in the effort.

Review 37 (student liked the course):
All professors are good if you pay attention and ask questions. Some are better than others but the course itself is good.

Review 38 (student liked the course):
Just an expansion on high school chemistry. I took Chem 12 in grade 11, so hardest part for me was remembering stuff from that long ago.

Review 39 (student liked the course):
This is a mandatory course for all undergrad BSc students. It is comprised of 2 midterms and a final which are all very fair. Often, the first midterm is mainly on high school review and modules 0-1 from the course notes whereas the 2nd midterm is more based on new contents, so modules second half of 1-4. The content itself is pretty easy to understand assuming that you have a great understanding of the concepts taught in grade 12 , but if not is also easy to grasp with practice. This class is designed to ensure that students do their best in this course and can be seen through the various questions provided from multiple assignments, online quizzes and clicker questions done throughout the course. BEFORE EACH MIDTERM AND FINAL EXAM: Make sure to do the practice sample midterm/ final exam questions provided on Learn as they are very similar (like 95%) TO the ones on the midterms. There are also various ways to get help when you do not understand a certain material. The profs for this course also have review sessions before finals, and it's a good idea to attend them because they will go over questions and it's a good opportunity to clarify things you don't understand. They also all record their lectures which is very nice. DISCLAIMER; DO NOT BUY A TEXTBOOK FOR THIS CLASS. I bought just the textbook and not the solutions manual and I did not even open it ONCE. The course notes and the practise questions provided by these profs are enough!!

Review 40 (student liked the course):
Overall, pretty much grade 12 chemistry with more in depth analysis. Stay caught up on homework, and do a ton of extra questions before the exam.

Review 41 (student liked the course):
not very on a same level about the course content , easy at the beginnning, hard at the end

Review 42 (student liked the course):
CHEM 120 is a course that basically all science students have to take. There are 2 midterms and a final. The first midterm is about stoichiometry, which is essentially a lot of calculations and formulas. The 2nd midterm is more theory based and is about things like Lewis structures and periodic trends. The midterms were both also out of very little (1st was out of 12, 2nd was out of 16 or 18 iirc), so it can be a little annoying but they were both VERY fair. The content itself can be a little hard to grasp at time, but with practice you will understand. There's also a ton of practice problems available in the course notes and online assignments. Make sure to do the practice problems (especially the ones in the sample midterm) and really understand them because they are often times VERY similar to the ones found on the midterms. The profs for this course will often do review sessions before the midterms and finals, and it's a good idea to attend them because they will go over questions and it's a good opportunity to clarify things you don't understand. They also all record their lectures which is very nice. There is also quite a bit of grade 12 review. If you're thinking about being a keener and buying the textbook, DON'T! Save yourself the money and buy something else!!!! I bought it and barely opened it because we already had so many practice problems available to us. The course notes are basically all you need, and if you have Prof. Sciani, his powerpoint notes are very good too.

Review 43 (student liked the course):
First midterm was very bad for time. Second midterm was very easy. Exam was fair.

Review 44 (student liked the course):
Kristina Lekin was awesome, really wanted to help you learn. Students from other sections came to her lecture time instead. The content was not too heavy, midterms and exam were fair. Not useful because I dont have to take chemistry again, but a better experience than I expected.

Review 45 (student liked the course):
not bad, just make sure you practice what you dont understand! bc if u dont know it, u dont know it

Review 46 (student liked the course):
Marta made this course for me. My grade 12 teacher sucked, so he made it possible for me to do well. It does require some effort though.

Review 47 (student liked the course):
Study frequently and also attend classes. This was way easier than Bio 130 and phys 111

Review 48 (student liked the course):
If you're taking this course Lekin is an amazing prof and is very clear with her explanations of concepts. Bissonnette and Sciaini are great too, but they both post their lectures online as well if you ever need clarification. Participation is 5% of your mark in Lekin's class, and you could choose to either participate in clicker question sessions every Friday or do the online participation quizzes online. She typically would post a video the night before Friday's lecture and make it a very interactive lecture which was a nice way to learn. Online assignments are 10% of your mark, which you can opt out of and have the weight of them transferred to your final exam, however they closely resemble a lot of midterm questions and enhance your understanding so I would recommend you just do them. You get 4 attempts and if you get above 80% they count it as 100%. Easy way to earn 10% of your grade. The first midterm was worth 12% and people typically tend to do worse on because Module 0 isn't covered as heavily in class and is review. The second midterm is 18% and was significantly easier (I was one mark away from perfect) but is much more theory based rather than calculation. The final is worth 55% and I considered it to be fair. I would not recommend buying the textbook for this class, even when I tried to make use of it, the additional review material in the course notes and posted online by profs had it beat. The course notes are by far enough to get you through this course. :)

Review 49 (student liked the course):
Easy introductory chemistry. Little out of class work required except for occasional (easy) participation quizzes and assignments

Review 50 (student disliked the course):
Midterms were only 12 MC - hard to do well

Review 51 (student disliked the course):
as a physics major i hated every part but quantum chemistry

Review 52 (student liked the course):
High School review

Review 53 (student liked the course):
Show up to class and pay attention. When studying for the exam, make sure to do all of the questions from the online resources. The profs make it easy to pass.

Review 54 (student liked the course):
Very easy, just do the practice midterms and final as well as the online assignments and the course will be a breeze. Also take Marta, he teaches you some tricks that other profs won't or just look at his online recorded lectures.

Review 55 (student liked the course):
I love chemistry hands down, so enjoyed this course. If you don't like Quantum Physics or chemistry in general maybe try something else.

Review 56 (student liked the course):
Rick Marta.

Review 57 (student disliked the course):
I really don't like chem but this course was easy up until the last module. Do the participation quizzes and assignments to help being down the grade of your final (it's easy marks).

Review 58 (student liked the course):
loved Marta

Review 59 (student liked the course):
Rick Marta the Gawd

Review 60 (student liked the course):
Course was a good review of high school.

Review 61 (student liked the course):
Do remember to take Rick Marta's section. He is my favorite professors. Rick may tell you a lot of useful information about this course like what will be tested and what are FYI. He is very patient to students and he would like to help with any of your questions. I never learnt chemistry before, and he helped me to overcome the difficulty and i will admire him in my future.

Review 62 (student liked the course):
Huge emphasis on review. Not bad, but easy to fall behind on if you don't keep up. Take advantage of the tutorials and in-residence sessions!

Review 63 (student liked the course):
Quit showing up to class and started Marta's lecture videos. Easy course straight forward 90+ super attainable.

Review 64 (student liked the course):
This course covered a significant amount of material, a siginificant portion of which was rushed in the last few weeks of the semester. It is definitely possible to succeed in this course if you keep up with the material and review the practice questions in the textbook. The mid-term exams are very time crunched with only 50 minutes to complete 16 questions, however, sufficient time was provided to complete each of the questions on the final exam.

Review 65 (student liked the course):
Really good course - the most interesting one of my 1A term. Easy to do well, as long as you stay on top of the content and make sure you understand the concepts. If you did well in 12U chem and are willing to put in the work, CHEM120 can be an easy mark booster. Tons of opportunities for bonus/participation marks and the midterms were the easiest I had. The "Easy" half of 12U chemistry covered by first year courses. Don't take it with Mikkelsen though.

Review 66 (student liked the course):
Course is not easy, make sure to keep up regularly on notes, additional homework questions, and quizzes. The assignments and quizzes are easy but the midterms can be difficult if you don't go to class or watch the online videos. Course has some aspects of high school chem, but is mostly new material so definitely do not try to wing the course.

Review 67 (student liked the course):
good class with many assignments to refresh your basic chem knowledge!

Review 68 (student liked the course):
The midterms are difficult especially the second one

Review 69 (student liked the course):
The midterms and final were difficult There are some amazing and dedicated profs. It is all based on the course notes, and many profs upload course notes, so it may be difficult to go to class, but do so. I rarely ever used the textbook, so buy it only if you really need it, or at least get it used. Previous tests and finals are posted, and their content is similar to the ones on the new tests.

Review 70 (student disliked the course):
awful.

Review 71 (student liked the course):
I personally found this difficult for me, mainly the second half. But I found the content very interesting!

Review 72 (student liked the course):
The course if easy if you practice the course content. About half of the course can be considered review from previous schooling years. There is an extra layer of depth to the material. As a Chem major I found this was a fun course.

Review 73 (student liked the course):
this course was a joke. no need to go to class. just watch marta's videos because he designs everything in the course. a lot of pages in the course notes are not found on the midterm or exam and points it out. i mean the amount of memorization isn't even that bad. the final had bonus questions, so you should be good. if you're half decent at chem pulling a 90 isn't too hard.

Review 74 (student disliked the course):
Easy course ever

Review 75 (student disliked the course):
Boring course, too much review, very slow at the beginning and speeds up right at the end.

Review 76 (student liked the course):
CHEM 120 was an extension of grade 12 chemistry and delves a little deeper into thermochemistry, gases, and also theory behind bonding. The course consisted of a couple of assignments and participation quizzes and two midterms and an exam. There were four attempts at each assignment, and a score of 80 or above would be counted as 100, so it was easy to get 100 on all the assignments. The midterms were very straightforward as they outline the material that they will be testing you on. If you do the practice problems assigned, you will likely do very well on the midterms. The exam is mostly on the latter half of the course and not too difficult, but it is important to be able to do problems from the earlier half of the course quickly so that you do not run out of time. It was also interesting that they announced the option to have the final count for 100 per cent of the course should you do better on the exam than in the course and it soured the fact that I had done well on the two midterms and assignments, but I digress. Interesting material but a lot of reading is required for the latter half of the course to grasp the quantum side of the course.

Review 77 (student disliked the course):
Mostly grade 12 review. Easy enough except for thermochemistry and quantum, which were hell.

Review 78 (student liked the course):
Pretty much a review of grade 12 chem with very few new concepts

Review 79 (student disliked the course):
very hard

Review 80 (student liked the course):
Mostly review from high school chemistry but makes for a good refresher

Review 81 (student disliked the course):
Grade 12 chemistry with a little extra. Lectures are completely unnecessary. A great bird course if you're decent at chemistry.

Review 82 (student disliked the course):
Meh, didn't like this course very much.

Review 83 (student liked the course):
do the maple TA assignments and review them

Review 84 (student disliked the course):
Very good course, gives you a foundation in chemistry. Not hard to do well in, I recommend keeping up with class and always doing practise questions in order to do well.

Review 85 (student liked the course):
My favourite. If you're good at and enjoy chemistry, this course is the one for you! Super fun and relatively easy, half of the material's from grade 12.

Review 86 (student disliked the course):
This class is mostly review from grade 11 and a bit from grade 12.

Review 87 (student liked the course):
Basic chem knowledge. Easy if you have done well in grade 12 chem.

Review 88 (student liked the course):
Fun and easy course! Basically the same as grade 11 chemistry, with some new stuff. Tests and exam are all MC and easy.

Review 89 (student liked the course):
You'll ace it if you know your high school stuff. I was an hour late for the final and still managed got an A so yeah..

Review 90 (student liked the course):
Very possible to do well, course notes are quite helpful.

Review 91 (student liked the course):
Boring review of high school chemistry with one or two new chapters. Two midterms, each marked out of twelve, so if you miss one question it's worth a lot. However, our prof gave us very clear indications of the questions that would be on the tests so nothing was a surprise, and it was fairly easy.

Review 92 (student liked the course):
Easy course, general first year Chemistry. If you took highschool chemistry this should be a breeze. Most of it isn't very applicable considering you'll soon find out most of the things you learned are flawed, but it was a fun course none the less.

Review 93 (student disliked the course):
Pretty heavy course, really need to understand the course notes and use the textbook questions to solidify problem solving skills

Review 94 (student liked the course):
glad that I expanded my common sense library after finished this course

Review 95 (student liked the course):
Good course no complaints here

Review 96 (student liked the course):
Majority of the content is review from high school chemistry so you should be fine if you were able to grasp the content back then. Understanding the concepts rather than blindly memorizing equations is important.

Review 97 (student liked the course):
It's a good review of high school chemistry with only a few new concepts thrown in.

Review 98 (student liked the course):
It's the first year chem class that everyone has to take, a lot of it was high school, so it wasn't too bad.

Review 99 (student liked the course):
Fairly bland course, mostly review for high school as well. Just make sure you keep up with readings before each lecture, and also make sure you do the assigned practice questions and MapleTA assignments to reinforce concepts.

Review 100 (student liked the course):
A great introductory course to chemistry!

Review 101 (student liked the course):
Always study!!

Review 102 (student liked the course):
Great Chemistry course

Review 103 (student liked the course):
Course was a repeat of high school chemistry. The only thing difficult about the course is that the two midterms and exam are multiple choice. In the multiple options there are answers for if you stop to early in a question or you forget to convert to the right units. I got an answer for every question on all the exams, but some of them were the trick ones! Be careful! There's a crunch for time with the exams as well, but if you do have time make sure to double check what the question was originally asking you for!

Review 104 (student disliked the course):
omg i hate it

Review 105 (student liked the course):
Good intro chem course. Easy and interesting.

Review 106 (student liked the course):
This course is pretty easy especially if you've taken grade 11 and 12 chemistry. Took this as an elective.

Review 107 (student liked the course):
I only had grade 10 knowledge of chemistry and I went into this course having forgotten a TON. Having said that, it was very interesting, and the way the course was set up allowed me to catch up quickly!

Review 108 (student liked the course):
study all the time

Review 109 (student liked the course):
Pretty easy intro Chem course. Lowest midterm (out of 2) is dropped which is great.

Review 110 (student disliked the course):
Take this class with Laura Deakin if you can, she posts excellent notes, and runs great review lectures.

Review 111 (student liked the course):
Buy the course notes and its easy

Review 112 (student liked the course):
Loved the prof. He is clear and explained everything really well.

Review 113 (student liked the course):
Great intro chem course! Expands on what was taught in 4U chemistry and goes into more detail

Review 114 (student liked the course):
A good course of review and some new content for students that took 4U Chemistry in high school. Course notes are very useful and the course is well designed.

Review 115 (student liked the course):
Good course, easy to do well with a little bit of effort.

Review 116 (student liked the course):
just make sure you do all the assignments 100%, its basically a midterm.

