Student reviews of PD 1: Career Fundamentals
University of Waterloo — collected from UWFlow (student-run course review site)
Course stats: 664 ratings | 21% found it useful | 81% found it easy | 6% liked it

Review 1 (student liked the course):
Easy course, lots of work to do at the beginning, then almost nothing to do after the midterm, pretty boring

Review 2 (student liked the course):
Hot take: PD1 isn't that bad. Yes a lot of the material is basic, and the TAs that mark the assignments nitpick, but there was a lot of information that genuinely helped me, such as the sections about navigating waterloo works during the coop process, how to format your resume/cv, and how to approach an interview. I'd recommend completing the entire course within the first 3 weeks of the term, that way you will consume all of the content during your first coop cycle (which helps with your first coop search a lot), and you don't have to worry about the course for the rest of the term. With additional opportunities for bonus marks, its easy to get above a 60% to get the credit (its a pass/no pass course)

Review 3 (student disliked the course):
Ahh, good old PD. Content was mostly common sense, though some of their advice should actually be avoided, such as their resume template. Highly recommend to speedrun the course in the first week or two of classes just to get it over with. It doesn't take that long if you do the bare minimum, since the course is CR/NCR anyway. The TAs were very nice people though, wishing them the best!

Review 4 (student disliked the course):
i love doing chores : ) i wish they just replaced the course with a series of guides in a pdf or something or made everything optional with no grading. i know the course is pass/fail but you still have to do the minimum to get 50% so

Review 5 (student disliked the course):
The suggestion they give to me doesn't help me at all... So unless your TA has the same major as you, your TA's advice will always be useless. At least they provided useless information for me that actually affects my coop interview( prepared a lot of things that were not covered during the interview)

Review 6 (student disliked the course):
PHUK PD. Definitely try speed run it in the first two weeks. It is a easy PD course, but still a PD course. Again, PHUK PD, waste of time.

Review 7 (student disliked the course):
shit course, shit TAs. try to grind out the first five assignments so you can be done w this shitty-ass course.

Review 8 (student liked the course):
Probably one of the easiest if not the easiest course I have taken at UW in three years

Review 9 (student disliked the course):
I guess it can be useful if you really need help with your resume/cover letters

Review 10 (student disliked the course):
It's a PD course, enough said.

Review 11 (student disliked the course):
Puck FD

Review 12 (student disliked the course):
ONE TIP FOR THIS CLASS... complete the whole course the first 2 weeks of school. I actually finished and submitted everything within the first 5 days and have never looked at it since January 10. I actually forgot it exists lol. worst class in the world but I got a 98% bc I did it all before any of my lectures even began in my other classes.

Review 13 (student disliked the course):
Waste of time, grab your 60 and leave.

Review 14 (student disliked the course):
I found this course to be an extremely beginner-level career insight (maybe this is the whole point....but cmon.. most of what was learned is common sense). I would be surprised if this content was new information to University students. Even a student with 0 work or volunteer experience would probably find most of the content common sense. I wish this wasn't mandatory and was replaced with a course that actually taught something new.

Review 15 (student disliked the course):
Unless you know nothing about resumes and interviewing then this course is useless. It's not hard but the assignments do take a little time so it's just a pain in the ass. Take everything you "learn" in this course with a grain of salt because things can change quickly and they can also depend greatly on who you are.

Review 16 (student disliked the course):
Waste of time

Review 17 (student disliked the course):
Not very useful, couple of things like mock interviews are ok, but for the most part the info seems outdated. But it is just pass/fail so you really don't have to put that much work into it. More or less you just do it for a couple hours a week and then ignore it until next week.

Review 18 (student disliked the course):
don't bother with any of the content unless you specifically need it for an assignment. It's super easy to pass this course with 95+ avg. Some of the career advice at the beginning of the course is actually fairly insightful (half of it is bs tho, use your brain). would recommend doing the resume critique!!

Review 19 (student disliked the course):
Boring useless course

Review 20 (student disliked the course):
Fuck PD. In all seriousness tho this course isn't bad. It's easy. Spent 10 minutes per assignment and I actually got good marks even tho u only need a 60% to get the CR. I really recommend you take advantage of the resume critique and mock interview, they're super helpful, I honestly think that's why I got my co-op.

Review 21 (student liked the course):
Helps you learn how to create a resume, cover letter and good interview tips. This course really helped me prepare for my first co-op term.

Review 22 (student disliked the course):
stupid dumb stupid course shouldve gone to uoft

Review 23 (student disliked the course):
I'm confused... don't any Waterloo admin read these pages? Don't they see how stupid PD is? God.

Review 24 (student disliked the course):
puck fd

Review 25 (student liked the course):
lit

Review 26 (student disliked the course):
Difficulty only because its so awfully boring

Review 27 (student disliked the course):
Only useful parts of the course were the resume critiques and interview prep. Even so, this course felt like a big waste of time.

Review 28 (student disliked the course):
pd1 moment

Review 29 (student disliked the course):
This course will teach you how to write a really great resume and some things to keep in mind for interviews. There are other topics covered besides these two things. The assignments are way too lengthy, so this course should be completed in an earlier term. Doing this course alongside second-year courses while applying to co-op positions for the first time is too much.

Review 30 (student liked the course):
I liked it, useful and easy

Review 31 (student disliked the course):
I know you won't like it either.

Review 32 (student disliked the course):
Not useful at all. Boring content. TAs are super helpful.

Review 33 (student disliked the course):
What an absolute shit course. I actually tried to give PD 1 a chance to show me how "great" it can be, and it didn't deserve it. What a waste. Genuinely learned nothing. I feel bad for students that take this class, practicing these skills, just to be made fun of during co-op interviews for following outdated, subjective beliefs on how to succeed. Please get rid of this course, it only took time away from learning in my other classes. SOMEONE PLEASE REEVALUATE THE EFFECTIVENESS OF THESE COURSES. They are not helpful, not useful, and quite frankly teaching you the wrong things. After actually trying to enjoy this course, I can happily say, fuck PD.

Review 34 (student disliked the course):
Just came to write down my obligatory "fuck PD"

Review 35 (student liked the course):
I liked it because I dedicate only needed to dedicate around 2 to 3 hours per week to the course and as someone with less common sense than average, this did help me a bit. I understand why some people absolutely hated this course and I respect that. If UWaterloo decided to scrap this entirely then it would make everyone happy though. Or just make the assignment non-mandatory since reading the contents alone helped me enough, doing the assignments was just chore works.

Review 36 (student disliked the course):
what a waste of time

Review 37 (student disliked the course):
i guess this is where we say fk pd

Review 38 (student disliked the course):
fuck pd

Review 39 (student disliked the course):
Literally useless. Anything remotely useful is taught after it would be used during job apps. Teach something more useful like salary negotiation.

Review 40 (student disliked the course):
Dont open the units at all, it is a complete waste of time. Look at the rubrics, copy exactly what they say to do, and guaranteed 90 on every assignment

Review 41 (student disliked the course):
Such a waste course. Sure some of the things we learned were helpful like how to write resumes and cover letters but we learned all that stuff after we had already submitted job applications.

Review 42 (student disliked the course):
USELESS

Review 43 (student disliked the course):
I think after one month of taking this class, I am qualified to say FUCK PD!

Review 44 (student disliked the course):
Not as bad as people make it sound. But a waste of time is still a waste of time no matter how little it is. I think I wasted ~ 12 hours total of my life on this.

Review 45 (student disliked the course):
Waste of a course, but thank God it's easy. PD is a stupid requirement and the requirement should be dropped. You only need 60 to pass so finish all your assignments early.

Review 46 (student disliked the course):
Absolutely terrible and useless. The fact that it needs to be done on top of the 5 other courses we take during the term but "doesn't count" that way is super annoying.

Review 47 (student disliked the course):
pd ʞɔnɟ

Review 48 (student disliked the course):
Why do we even need to take this

Review 49 (student disliked the course):
Very useless. I agree with the person below who said that they expanded a 2 hour speech into a complete 7 assignment course.

Review 50 (student disliked the course):
fpd

Review 51 (student disliked the course):
pd fuck

Review 52 (student disliked the course):
Fuck PD

Review 53 (student disliked the course):
Took this class during the Fall 2020 COVID term so it was all online. Not sure how it is normally conducted. Was given early access to the material in August so was able to submit all the assignments during my summer vacation so did not do any work on this course throughout the Fall term. I found the material, for the most part, to be very uninteresting and bland. There were some useful lessons like how the ranking system works in Waterworks and resume writing. Got over a 90% but it is only for Pass or Fail.

Review 54 (student disliked the course):
fk pd

Review 55 (student disliked the course):
Fuck PD!

Review 56 (student disliked the course):
This course truly demonstrated the craftsman skills and creativity of the instructors at UW, where they expanded a very useful 2 hours speech into a complete course with 8 units and 9 assignments. If this sounds good to you I suggest you add the course to your course selection list during the course selection period, but no worries if you don't add it to your course selection, because you will be automatically enrolled if you are in co-op.

Review 57 (student disliked the course):
Almost failed, and resume tips are garbage, there's a reason why this course is rated 5%.

Review 58 (student disliked the course):
Useful for learning how WaterlooWorks works but the rest of the content was pretty useless common sense stuff. At least it's super easy to pass.

Review 59 (student disliked the course):
PD videos were completely unhelpful - the whole course was not helpful.

Review 60 (student disliked the course):
Fuck PD

Review 61 (student disliked the course):
useless class and outdated content

Review 62 (student disliked the course):
Just did it for the credit. Horribly wasted my time and effort.

Review 63 (student disliked the course):
A waste of time

Review 64 (student disliked the course):
Do the opposite of what you're told to get a job.

Review 65 (student disliked the course):
Some parts may be useful depending on the student, but a lot of it is common sense.

Review 66 (student liked the course):
PD 1 is easy

Review 67 (student disliked the course):
Useless course and highly outdated. To get a good job, don't follow their resume advice and do the exact opposite.

Review 68 (student disliked the course):
so pointless

Review 69 (student liked the course):
Not sure why this course is getting so much hate. Although the lecture materials seem to be simple oral English and much more wordy than needed, we could argue that the professor is trying to explain clearly to everyone because we have a broader audience for this course. It's hard for the professor to know which student has knowledge about what already. This course contains a few useful tips for job search and is very easy to pass. P.S. If you're applying to technical jobs (especially software dev jobs), don't listen to the resume tips they give you. Most of the tips they give you are not as applicable to dev jobs.

Review 70 (student disliked the course):
Pretty useless, quite easy.

Review 71 (student disliked the course):
It's ok, don't follow their resume tips for ur actual resume tho lmao

Review 72 (student disliked the course):
Useless course that teaches you the wrong thing about how to write resumés.

Review 73 (student disliked the course):
This course is stupid, useless, and mandatory.

Review 74 (student disliked the course):
What's the current office politics speedrun WR?

Review 75 (student disliked the course):
It's useful in a sense that it helps build a baseline for your resume. Your resume however, will look just like everyone else's since the formatting is the same. It's super easy to do well, not much is expected of you. It's mostly M/C based on a course module.

Review 76 (student disliked the course):
Get 100s on the first assignments so that you don't have to deal with the last ones.

Review 77 (student disliked the course):
Not very useful, use one copy to pass the course and another copy for job

Review 78 (student disliked the course):
Easy trash course

Review 79 (student disliked the course):
Easy course. Barely did the readings.

Review 80 (student disliked the course):
complete waste of time.

Review 81 (student disliked the course):
A very easy course that requires minimal effort, and a good look at the relevant rubrics to pass. I would recommend not procrastinating too hard on this course, because you may become tired of it quickly; you will have to start writing a lot of paragraphs later on that can become tedious. I think the course is a very generic course intended for most students in the University, so it isn't specific enough for useful information relevant to specific fields or careers. However, I think PD1 is okay for what it is trying to do; I just find the important concepts like resumes, interviews, and workplace culture pretty mundane to study.

Review 82 (student disliked the course):
Huge waste of time

Review 83 (student disliked the course):
Well...What can I say? One can say a lot by the overall 5% rating on this course... This course provides some useful, basic information, but do not rely on its activities to actually help you succeed, especially the resume you have to write in this course. If I were to make an analogy to this course, it would be Wikipedia - helpful basic info to familiarize yourself with the content, but do not rely on it.

Review 84 (student disliked the course):
The beginning of the incremental waste of time caused by PD courses...

Review 85 (student disliked the course):
Waste of time, didn't really learn anything other than "don't be stupid". Did learn how co-op works and how to use WaterlooWorks.

Review 86 (student disliked the course):
The material came too late for its relevancy in my job search. Very subjective grading--sometimes it seems like the TAs don't even read the answers before they mark and give feedback.

Review 87 (student disliked the course):
This course provides sufficient content for co-op processes and resume writing. However, it has too many writing activities that are very time-consuming especially when other courses are heavy-loaded.

Review 88 (student disliked the course):
Stupid course ever. I hate taking it. But I'll say its easy, managed to get 80+ from a ~56. The resume is bs don't use it for the actual job seeking process, cut it down to one page. For the quizzes, just look at the grading scheme and write everything they want you to write, in detail. Then you'll be fine.

Review 89 (student disliked the course):
Useful course to help you with co-op but a lot of the activities were a waste of time.

Review 90 (student disliked the course):
Resume assignment is dumb as hell. Don't use the resume you submit for PD1 for jobmine. Absolute garbage course.

Review 91 (student disliked the course):
Do everything the day before the hard deadline.

Review 92 (student liked the course):
Probably one of my favourite courses in University, everyone here says bad things about it but I think that's just the online version. I took it on-campus and it helped me to develop my skills both personally and professionally, and they had a great resume critique section! The class size was small, so I had a lot of one-on-one time with the profs and TAs. I made at least 50 Linkedin connections with my peers and learned how to be more innovative in my career pursuit. Feridun himself taught this course, was a great prof.

Review 93 (student disliked the course):
Course is pointless and useless, especially the resume assignment. Just tell them what they want to hear and you'll pass. Also, don't slack off and ignore it because you might accidentally miss a bunch of assignments, fail the course, and have to take it again.

Review 94 (student disliked the course):
What they teach you is completely useless, especially the resume. Most of students use one resume for PD1 and the other one for application.

Review 95 (student disliked the course):
The resume, interview preparations are perhaps useful, but otherwise it is a BS course.

Review 96 (student disliked the course):
The only course I took in first year that I can honestly say I straight up hated.

Review 97 (student disliked the course):
Uninspiring and unengaging content with a confusing course structure.

Review 98 (student disliked the course):
Worst possible course. Not even literally, entirely realistically, a waste of my time and energy. This would have been better spent doing anything else on the face of planet Earth. For instance, I could have watched a movie or made up for lost sleep, instead I died on the inside... think of my heart and soul as a shriveled prune... completely dried and devoid of hope and vibrance. I now radiate pure and unadulterated hatred at the thought of those bitter cold memories. #NeverAgain #NeverForgetPD1

Review 99 (student disliked the course):
the dumbest course to exist i swear to god

Review 100 (student disliked the course):
Useless

Review 101 (student disliked the course):
Teaches you some things here and there, but really not that useful in my opinion. It's an easy course, though, all your final mark doesn't matter as long as you pass. Definitely stay on top of your weekly assignments, it's a pain to do them all at once and also study for final exams.

Review 102 (student disliked the course):
Simple, not very time consuming.

Review 103 (student disliked the course):
Everything that has to be said about PD has already been said, but this was a bit of a write-off. If you've ever been near a real person before, most of the quizzes will be extremely easy, as they're almost entirely common sense. It's possible to do the entire course the night before each hard deadline (of which there are two), but you'll most likely hate yourself because there's a lot of BSing to be done in the latter parts of the course. At least the interview tips are helpful for those who've never had one before.

Review 104 (student disliked the course):
Terrible course. Just do what you have to do to pass.

Review 105 (student disliked the course):
This course is a deadly trap for the chronic procrastinator

Review 106 (student disliked the course):
I really did not enjoy this course as I did not feel like this applied to my program (AFM) specifically enough. AFM is a very specialized program, much like engineering, and I do not feel like the exercises in this course truly help me with getting a job.

Review 107 (student disliked the course):
Assignments are too boring and are full of common sense. The only good thing that came out of this course was that they forced you to check out Jobmine, but even that is trivial. Lame waste of time.

Review 108 (student disliked the course):
Most useless course I've ever taken. Did not even live up to the purpose we were told of happening in time with the co-op process.

Review 109 (student disliked the course):
Don't spend too much time on it.

Review 110 (student disliked the course):
too much work

Review 111 (student disliked the course):
hurr durr

Review 112 (student disliked the course):
Some of the questions, if you actually think about them, are quite useful in theory. Really easy course. You have to be retarded to fail this course.

Review 113 (student disliked the course):
The only useful thing for PD1 is the resume review and the list of co-op questions they might give you.

Review 114 (student disliked the course):
useless

Review 115 (student disliked the course):
Waste of time.

Review 116 (student disliked the course):
Such bullshit

Review 117 (student disliked the course):
Boring!

Review 118 (student disliked the course):
Useless and boring

Review 119 (student disliked the course):
Really dumb. It's too bad this is required.

Review 120 (student disliked the course):
awful course. absolutely useless

Review 121 (student disliked the course):
Some good tips,but so boring.

Review 122 (student disliked the course):
You can pass the course if you put in a little effort each week to do the assignments and quizzes. Not a very hard course. You can even do the content ahead of their time if you have some free time.

Review 123 (student disliked the course):
Pretty common sense knowledge, waste of time in some chapters

Review 124 (student disliked the course):
Just do the assignments with some effort and you should pass the course. Not very useful as the information was either common sense or common knowledge.

Review 125 (student disliked the course):
Pretty helpful when looking for jobs.

Review 126 (student disliked the course):
A course that can bite you when you're most stressed out..

Review 127 (student disliked the course):
Somewhat pointless, IMO. Taught about finding a job and all, but it should stop at PD1 without going further. There is no need for there to be more PD courses.

