Student reviews of ECON 101: Introduction to Microeconomics
University of Waterloo — collected from UWFlow (student-run course review site)
Course stats: 1143 ratings | 64% found it useful | 70% found it easy | 45% liked it

Review 1 (student disliked the course):
Took it online in W21 during COVID, concepts were taught in an abstract mathematical manner, which was fine (as a math major) however the concepts themselves just couldn't engage me enough to engage with the course. I'm sure if you put in minimum effort like most students you'll pass the course.

Review 2 (student liked the course):
Very simple

Review 3 (student disliked the course):
they dont go into specifics with the maths which ironically makes it harder for me because it involves more memorization of results as opposed to memorization of concepts. might be good or bad for you instead, who knows

Review 4 (student disliked the course):
Not my favorite class. Material was not interesting and the midterm/final were very difficult in comparison to the practice and quizzes

Review 5 (student liked the course):
Took online, almost all multiple choice, a lot of questions are common sense

Review 6 (student liked the course):
PROS: (1) Readings itself were simple to understand. (2) Nicely arranged content on Learn and Mobius (I took it online). (3) Decent grade, task, and submission period distribution. CONS: (1) Too many readings for a first-time learner of econ. (2) One collective zoom office hour (1 hour long) at the beginning of the week felt very unfair (3) Found a need for more OHs each week and a MS teams GC. (4) Felt isolated from the rest of the class. (5) lack of one-to-one instructional support (unless you email every question). (6) Had to refer to external resources for quicker understanding because readings were too time consuming. (7) Weren't taught at all on how to approach an article/case study. TIPS: (1) Finish all readings in the first two days of the week, (2) repeat quizzes till you get them correct (you get 4 chances per graded quiz every week, please use these well). (3) Don’t just read to study, answer a lot of MCQs.

Review 7 (student liked the course):
Like it. It is a good review of high-school economic class. The content is not hard at all, as long as you spend some time reading the concepts. Quizzes and tests are not hard, a joyful course, no pressure

Review 8 (student disliked the course):
This course wasn't actually that bad but I still didn't like it. It was 1 module and quiz a week which was really easy at the beginning and end of the course. Some parts in the middle of the course made no sense and the questions made even less sense. The basics of supply & demand, elasticity, and types of markets are the only useful takeaways from the course. A lot of the course is common sense and I regret actually taking this course. The discussion posts were easy and the quizzes & exams were medium difficulty.

Review 9 (student liked the course):
ez 95 w testbank

Review 10 (student disliked the course):
Honestly a really straightforward and boring class. Reading the textbook was a much bigger help than attending lectures. Midterms were easy if you made notes and understood the concepts.

Review 11 (student disliked the course):
Other than some of the oligarchy content and some of the material in the beginning, this course was just a knowledge dump of a bunch of microeconomic content. You won't retain anything that you learn at all. quizzes/exams were multiple choice, which weren't too bad if you took it online. Mark also consisted of 2 discussion boards, which were engaging (but you get penalized if someone responds to your post 30 minutes before its due and you don't reply back because its 11pm at night)

Review 12 (student disliked the course):
where do I even start, horrible prof, horrible class, made no effort to teach, everything was taught through reading the textbook, the class was made up of weekly quizzes, a midterm, and exam, which were all BS. The only reason I did good was that I took Econ in high school lol.

Review 13 (student disliked the course):
Don't really like this course, but love the prof YIchun Huang! If you have her, just go for it! Hint: she uses test banks

Review 14 (student liked the course):
AP econ but easier

Review 15 (student disliked the course):
Super easy elective. Honestly kind of a joke of a class.

Review 16 (student disliked the course):
No help or explanations in online course just give quiz let answers

Review 17 (student disliked the course):
Similar to the review before me, I took the online version. There are zero synchronous lectures, so be prepared to spend circa 3-5 hours every week trying to memorize the course content which is presented on UW Mobius. Another peculiarity of this course is the lack of any useful practice problems. The concept checks on UW Mobius are very elementary, and they are not a representation of what you will be evaluated on during the midterm and final exam. Although this course features weekly quizzes, you only have access to your grade after completing them. As a result, you will not be able to re-visit the weekly quizzes before the assessments to learn from your mistakes.

Review 18 (student disliked the course):
I took this asynchronous so I can't say necessarily the same is true for in-person, but the course was overall really dry. As a disclaimer I never took econ before in high school. The course content had nonexistent explanations, motivation, applications, citations or justifications. It reminded me of memorisation-heavy high school courses that feed you information, never explaining why they are true or why you would ever need to know them. Some reviews below claim that most statements are common sense, but as someone who has never taken econ in high school, I find that there are several unjustified claims in the modules, such as "why is ATC minimized when MC=AVC?" I later found a proof of this using calculus, but nonetheless there is zero reason to expect this to be true using "common sense", nor was there any reasoning of this in the module. There were a lot of erroneous questions (like two MCQ choices are the same) on the quizzes, midterms and final, and you don't get the answers after each quiz, so overall the quality of the presentation and assessments were likewise nonexistent. They claim they hide the answers for copyright reasons but 90% of the questions can be found on quizlet. The textbook was completely unnecessary. Further, the prof's presence was nonexistent. First asynchronous course though, so I'm not sure if all asynchronous courses are as garbage as this one.

Review 19 (student disliked the course):
Purely memorization. Very little bit of arithmetic, but its mostly just knowing how to read supply/demand graphs that's the most technical part.

Review 20 (student disliked the course):
Poorly taught, unengaging, and difficult at times (for a first year with no prior economics experience)

Review 21 (student disliked the course):
taught terribly, seems so unorganized and the actual midterm/exam questions are different to the ones you use on pearson.

Review 22 (student disliked the course):
Extremely disengaging. It is asynchronous and hard to follow.

Review 23 (student disliked the course):
Most questions are from Quizlet. The professor did not make much of an effort.

Review 24 (student liked the course):
Eh course. Questions are straightforward. It's a textbook course.

Review 25 (student disliked the course):
Not bad, do the modules, I didn't need the textbook

Review 26 (student disliked the course):
You don't get the results of your quizzes which is sooo stupid. How should we understand where we went wrong if you don't tell us? I hated the quizzes but the discussions were easy marks if you post enough.

Review 27 (student disliked the course):
I took this class in F2020 thinking it was birdy, I guess I just suck ass at Economics. The weekly modules were dry for me, this is just my opinion I know quite a few people who find Econ fascinating. The professor's presence was non-existence. Overall a 5/10 for me.

Review 28 (student disliked the course):
i had to take this course twice and when i tell you i hated it, that is an understatement

Review 29 (student disliked the course):
Man, I took economics in high school and some parts of this course were challenging to me - though not because the content was particularly difficult, but because the professor basically dumps all the content for the term on you at once and then says "here you go! now teach yourself and get back to me when you've learned everything!". I'd imagine that people completely new to economic concepts would struggle majorly with getting used to this.

Review 30 (student liked the course):
Learn nothing but gain a super high mark. Good course for those who want to switch programs or apply coop. Everything is common sense so nothing needs to memory.

Review 31 (student disliked the course):
useless but easy to get a good grade

Review 32 (student liked the course):
Didn’t take any econ courses in high school. This course was really easy, no need to read the textbook, the course notes are enough. You get 12 weekly quizzes, 2 group discussions, 1 midterm and the final. The first weekly quiz is ungraded and then the marks of 10 best quizzes out of 11 are considered which amounts to 40% of your grade. We also have 2 group discussions worth 10% each which are very easy. You can easily get a 9/10 in the discussions. The midterm contained 50mcq and the final consisted of 50mcqs and 5 short answer questions. Prof kumase did some review sessions on webex occasionally. These are recorded and can help you understand the concepts more clearly. It’s definitely a bird course. Spent only about a maximum of 4-5 hours per week. Ended up with a 93.

Review 33 (student liked the course):
Taken Online: I took this course because at one point I wanted to be a business student, this course taught me that it wasn't really for me in the end. Great bird course, really only skimmed notes before quizzes and crammed before finals and midterms. I wish I paid more attention so I could take 102 for the 3 prerequisite chain.

Review 34 (student disliked the course):
Didn't learn a single thing.

Review 35 (student liked the course):
Pretty interesting course. As someone who never did Econ prior to this course it was important to keep up with all the new content as concepts tend to build on each other. Trust the test bank and you'll end up with high 90s

Review 36 (student liked the course):
Wokia Kumase = GOAT

Review 37 (student disliked the course):
Not a bird course online imo, instructors barely interact, and almost no practice material is given (outside of a textbook with bad quizzes).

Review 38 (student disliked the course):
Hardest course I've taken. Barely passed.

Review 39 (student liked the course):
Trust the test bank and you will get mid 80 while just spending less than an hour a week

Review 40 (student disliked the course):
Took this course online. Your mark essentially consists of a series of 10 question multiple choice quizzes weekly, 2 discussions, and 2 fully multiple-choice exams. Definitely was not a "hard" course, but I definitely do not think this course was as easy as many made it seem. You will need to put in at least a fair bit of effort, time, and devotion into this course in order to ensure a good mark.

Review 41 (student disliked the course):
Easiest course I've ever taken. No need to go to class or get the textbook. If you just read the slides the night before the midterms and exam you should be able to get a high 90. It's 100% multiple choice and mostly common sense.

Review 42 (student liked the course):
Two words: WOKIA KUMASE

Review 43 (student liked the course):
Just read the textbook and slides, actual lectures seems to be pretty useless

Review 44 (student liked the course):
Super easy if you do it online, there was no midterm and the final was going to be all multiple choice (except it was cancelled due to the pandemic). There was one multiple choice quiz every week. A lot of the content was just common sense, which makes this a good course to do online because going to lectures would be pretty useless.

Review 45 (student disliked the course):
It's easy if you know how to study properly (did not do this until the final, so didnt do too great). Just STUDY FROM and MEMORIZE the practice questions/exam bank. Seriously a lot of the questions on the final are suuuper similar and sometimes even word for word exact numbers. So basically, you arent supposed to try and actually learn the content, just memorize. Really dumb since people dont retain the knowledge but easy mark if you just memorize the exam bank.

Review 46 (student liked the course):
Came in with no prior knowledge, skipped every lecture, studied 4h per exam, ended with low 90s.

Review 47 (student disliked the course):
Not easy if you have no previous knowledge on the subject. Went through chapters just about every other class so it was very fast paced

Review 48 (student liked the course):
Introductory course to microeconomics. Not hard at all if you read the textbook and make notes. I only spent two days studying before the midterm and the final and ended up with 80+.

Review 49 (student disliked the course):
Honestly a waste of course.

Review 50 (student disliked the course):
Birdiest course I've ever taken. Don't even need to go to lectures just study from the textbook and solve the exam bank questions. The version of the textbook doesn't matter so don't waste money on a newer version.

Review 51 (student liked the course):
Fun and useful course!

Review 52 (student liked the course):
Easy course (if you get the right prof).

Review 53 (student liked the course):
Basic econ stuff. If you took econ in high school, it'll be pretty easy. Otherwise you might have some trouble, but it's still decently basic stuff, and concepts that can be explained by YouTube videos. The majority of the midterm and final questions (all MC) are from test banks if you can get those. Entire mark composed of two midterms and a final.

Review 54 (student liked the course):
Easy course if you NEVER took econ before.. probably extremely boring if you have taken econ before. All exams are multiple choice

Review 55 (student disliked the course):
Could've just been the lecturer (Allison Mascella) I had, and found it hard to understand topics (since she didn't offer much clarification). You can understand topics in the real world context and therefor found it useful

Review 56 (student disliked the course):
Make sure you go to most if not all classes, you will fall behind quick. This course involves a fairly light workload however the quizzes and exams you are required to write in this course can prove to be very difficult if you are not prepared.

Review 57 (student disliked the course):
Bird course.

Review 58 (student liked the course):
not too hard in terms of material. pretty boring especially for 3 hour lectures. not really useful for future econ classes but a good mark booster.

Review 59 (student disliked the course):
Do not take with PM (literally forgot prof's name cuz I never went to class). You will see why.

Review 60 (student disliked the course):
I've never experienced a more terribly structured course than this one. You're basically left to teach yourself everything because the lectures are so incredibly boring, there's no way you're actually learning anything if you attend. Your time is much better spent not going, and just cramming at the end of the term & before the midterms of course. However, you're really just better off taking something that will actually teach you something useful. Don't take this as an elective if it's not required for your degree. If you're in math you'll have friends in this course, and you'll feel the urge to take it with them, but don't! You will thank yourself. It's such a waste of time and effort.

Review 61 (student disliked the course):
hard course. boring. make sure to keep up with the textbook readings otherwise you will struggle. take time to go over the chapter before the lecture cause the lectures only help if you know what youre going to learning. dont recommend taking it if its not mandatory.

Review 62 (student disliked the course):
This course kills a part of me. It is quite possibly the driest course I have taken at Waterloo so far. The hardest part of this course is trying to muster the motivation to learn about the stupidest concepts ever.

Review 63 (student liked the course):
Chose professor carefully, one professor has an open-ended midterms and finals. Besides that, pretty much a bird course.

Review 64 (student disliked the course):
If you ever get Packalen, switch to another section plz lol (tough prof with short-answer exams out of 20 and doesn't give part marks)

Review 65 (student disliked the course):
Keep up with the course work as there is a lot to catch up on if you fall behind. I also found the textbook extremely useful in this course, so I would recommend reading and taking down notes on every chapter to be better prepared for the three midterms and the final, you will be glad you did.

Review 66 (student disliked the course):
Actual content is kind of interesting but the course is easy, just read from the textbook

Review 67 (student liked the course):
It was easy but you have to work hard to get 80+.

Review 68 (student liked the course):
Choose a prof that only give mc in the exam

Review 69 (student disliked the course):
Classes teach you nothing. Getting and reading the textbook is a must! I sat for three hours trying to keep up with the graphs being drawn and didn't have any time to comprehend what was being said. Nafeez doesn't allow photos to be taken of her notes so you couldn't even take a picture to give you time to listen. Unless you have some sort of economic background, you will be struggling through teaching yourself this course.

Review 70 (student disliked the course):
Review of grade 12 economics if you took it. The course material gets harder over time. It is important to keep reviewing the concepts since it builds off of that.

Review 71 (student disliked the course):
Good bird course

Review 72 (student disliked the course):
Bird course. Best way to prepare for assessments is just to look at question banks since there isn't a whole lot of creativity in the questions that can be asked.

Review 73 (student liked the course):
Very interesting; good introduction to economics. Make sure to do the Myeconlab question and you should be golden for the midterms and finals.

Review 74 (student disliked the course):
Pretty interesting course. Got a bit dry towards the end and that made learning the material much harder as it was so boring.

Review 75 (student disliked the course):
make sure you realllllyyyy listen during the lectures...if you miss something you'll have to go back and teach it to yourself. To be honest, I learned more from Khan Academy about economics than I did from this course. There are multiple midterms, a final, and numerous "assignments" (just quizzes on Learn that don't have a time limit), and they are all multiple choice. I personally did not find some of the concepts easy unless I reviewed them over and over again, but I also would zone out a lot during lectures so if you listen attentively and practice you should be okay. Clicker questions can boost your mark too and are good for teamwork, easy enough to do well on. Overall mediocre course

Review 76 (student liked the course):
good course but requires alot of studying not as bird of a course as people think!

Review 77 (student disliked the course):
This course can go fuck itself

Review 78 (student disliked the course):
Still get the chills from Econ 101, worst mark in my academic career.

Review 79 (student liked the course):
The averages for the midterms were in the low 70s (harder to get a higher mark because there were only 27 scantron Q's every midterm). Concepts were easy to understand - application is the harder part. Aplia isn't useful, but she did post another link to practice questions before the exam and that really helped me. You'd be OK just studying from the powerpoints. Textbook is only if you want a better grasp of concepts.

Review 80 (student liked the course):
Strongly recommend purchasing Aplia. A bad midterm grade can nerf your mark since they go for 25% apiece.

Review 81 (student disliked the course):
So boring

Review 82 (student disliked the course):
I did not enjoy the course at all as I found the course to be so incredibly dull. Personally this honestly had to be one of the hardest courses, but I guess it really is prof dependent, as the final exams this term weren't even the same and didn't even cover the same material.

Review 83 (student disliked the course):
Not very useful as an elective, but I suppose it gives a better understanding of how markets work. It was very easy - I just had to read lecture slides. The midterms and final exam are all multiple choice.

Review 84 (student liked the course):
Honestly, just show up and make some flashcards. It's not hard at all. If you study, show up, and try to get a good grade it's easy to get above an 85.

Review 85 (student liked the course):
Super easy course. Got 100 on the first midterm stopped going to class after that because couldn't bother with an 8:30am class. Managed to get 100 on all midterms after that and ended with a 98 final mark.

Review 86 (student disliked the course):
The worst class, so boring, so dry. Learn one thing, and you know it all though.

Review 87 (student disliked the course):
I can see the course being useful for other students, however I don't see the application to my daily life personally. I disliked this course strongly, due to my struggle with math and economic concepts, and was unfortunately required to take this course. Would not have taken it otherwise.

Review 88 (student liked the course):
I liked this course because it was easy, but I do not know if it was very useful for me because I didn't find it applicable, a lot of the theories seemed outdated or useless but I probably think that because I just wanted free marks and didn't ask questions. Most people will find this easy but you still need to do work to succeed, for an easy 90+ buy the study guide.

Review 89 (student liked the course):
Boring but easy.

Review 90 (student liked the course):
so fking easy

Review 91 (student disliked the course):
My friends said this couse you can get 80+ even you are not go to class. But that is not right at all.

Review 92 (student liked the course):
Light workload. Do the readings, MyEconLab helped .

Review 93 (student disliked the course):
useless course, took it as an elective and i needed to work hard, not a bird course for me, never took business inn highschool and also didnt bother to buy the textbook, which couldve helped. lectures everyone were on their phones or playing games on their laptops.

Review 94 (student liked the course):
Easy class, gg

Review 95 (student liked the course):
Do the Myeconlab practice problems and this course should be an easy 90% for you.

Review 96 (student disliked the course):
NOT A BIRD COURSE! DON'T TAKE THIS SHIT!

Review 97 (student disliked the course):
You can get by without much studying. Don't take it online if you have the choice

Review 98 (student liked the course):
It is important to go to the lectures, because that is the determinant factor of your grade and how good you will understand the course content.

Review 99 (student disliked the course):
Take the time to combine notes from lectures and the textbook. Overall concepts were simple, but often a bit boring to read about.

Review 100 (student liked the course):
Bird course nuff said.

Review 101 (student liked the course):
Easy course if you study, Hard course if you're too lazy to put in the time.

Review 102 (student liked the course):
easy and light first year course

Review 103 (student liked the course):
Fairly easy as long as you attend the lectures.

Review 104 (student liked the course):
With Prof Corey (Cornelis Van De Waal), I didn't have to look in the textbook or use the workbook. I studied straight from his slides. The only case which I would have used the books is if I were aiming for a perfect 100% in the course (which is doable), but I wasn't.

Review 105 (student liked the course):
Easy bird course for any student looking to fill an elective. Course goes over a lot of concepts in a super broad manner, interesting for anyone looking to learn a little bit about economics concepts/terminology. Passed by studying all the lecture notes a few days before the midterms/final. All multiple choice!

Review 106 (student disliked the course):
This was a complete bird course. If you try at all it's an easy course to get over a 90 on. It's noticeably easier than econ 102 as well in every regard. Conclusions are often just common sense such as people buying less of something if it costs more.

Review 107 (student disliked the course):
This isn't as birdy as people say it is.Only take this if you need to. I found it very boring and hard to keep up with all the terms and definitions and how they connect to one another.

Review 108 (student disliked the course):
I know a lot of people say this is a bird course, but I would say this: don't take a course just because it's birdy. Take something you are interested in, or you will end up doing so bad that you need to drop the course. At least that is what happened to me for this one.

Review 109 (student disliked the course):
Wrap your head around all the different models used, and you'll do fine. If you like math, this is especially a breeze.

Review 110 (student disliked the course):
Pretty simple stuff, watch Khan Academy and you'll be way better off. Very prof. dependent IMO, if you get a shitty one, you gotta teach yourself

Review 111 (student disliked the course):
Very boring class, most people seemed to be playing Hearthstone. I would not recommend, unless this course is a requirement for you.

Review 112 (student liked the course):
make sure you do the study guide questions and go to review sessions and you will get a lot of practice questions from upper years

Review 113 (student liked the course):
Olivia Mesta was a great professor, made the material extremely clear and easy to understand. Weekly quizzes on Aplia were time consuming but helped you understand the material better. Multiple choice exams were very easy.

Review 114 (student liked the course):
Not a bad course, just do the readings and use the study guide. The graphs and concepts may be a little difficult for those who have never taken economics, but overall it's an okay course with relatively interesting material.

Review 115 (student disliked the course):
You don't even have to come to lectures.

Review 116 (student disliked the course):
Get the study guide. You'll thank me later.

Review 117 (student liked the course):
Easy pass, just go to class.

Review 118 (student disliked the course):
Easy material, very dry at times

Review 119 (student liked the course):
Just do more practice

Review 120 (student disliked the course):
Use the study guide! Very helpful.

Review 121 (student liked the course):
Sedra Smith recommended me this course so I don't end up like one of those pig 4 students. I did very well and am happy about my life choices.

Review 122 (student disliked the course):
Got an 82 in the class but had to work for it and also believe I was boosted on a bell curve. Some will claim it's easy, some will claim it's difficult. In all honesty, it is somewhere in the middle where it's definitely possibly to get a good mark if you work for it or if Econ just comes natural to you. However, for those that procrastinate or feel they can cram, economics can chew you up and make you cry for the safety and security of high school.

Review 123 (student disliked the course):
This was supposed to be my "bird" course; however, I found the material (especially ch12-15) quite difficult to grasp. Take it as your elective only if you like economics.

Review 124 (student liked the course):
Pretty straight forward and simple. I know a lot of people take ECON101 as a bird course and it really is.

Review 125 (student disliked the course):
I passed with a 75 and still don't know anything about economics

Review 126 (student disliked the course):
you gotta at least pay attention in class, or do homework

Review 127 (student liked the course):
I only went to 3 lectures the entire semester. Works well if you only get multiple choice exams. It's neoclassical microeconomics, so it can only get so useful since no one is the perfect, rational human being.

Review 128 (student liked the course):
Do the practice problems.

Review 129 (student liked the course):
Highly recommend doing the readings, and assigned questions and trying to understand the course material in addition to just the prepared lecture slides. A lot of memorizing and understanding of graphs. In the end all of the content builds on itself so make sure to understand what you are learning as you are learning it. The best prep is being able to draw the graphs, and also to do the multiple choice questions in the handbook.

Review 130 (student disliked the course):
It is an useful course but make sure you choose the right prof. Do not take with Wokia because you can't understand anything. Micro is more mathy of a course so if you are good at logic or maths, this course would be easier than macro for you. But for non mathy students, this course would be challenging. The final was difficult too.

Review 131 (student disliked the course):
MEh, wasn't too hard. Really boring in my opinion.

Review 132 (student disliked the course):
Wasted my elective on this when I could have taken much better courses.

Review 133 (student disliked the course):
Very dry and boring. All MC questions. Everything from the textbook. They try to trick you in some questions.

Review 134 (student disliked the course):
Really easy course. Only 3 exams, two midterms and a final throughout the whole course. Only went to a couple of classes and still passed decently.

Review 135 (student liked the course):
Course is super easy

Review 136 (student disliked the course):
No assignments no quiz, just two midterms and a final for my section. Boring but quite easy.

Review 137 (student disliked the course):
As a math students, much of my time was wasted in this course. We had lectures on basic knowledge such as how to calculate the slope of a line and how to read a graph. A waste of my time. Should have taken my transfer credit from AP.

Review 138 (student liked the course):
no need to go to class

Review 139 (student liked the course):
Pretty sure you have to be retarded to fail this course. Casual course to boost GPA. Literally you can jerk off do w.e the f*** you want in class. Just review slides b4 midterm/exam and your gucci.

Review 140 (student liked the course):
I have no idea about my prof. That's it.

Review 141 (student disliked the course):
Pay Attention and dont slack

Review 142 (student disliked the course):
As a science student with no background knowledge of business/economics, its not too easy. Yes the concepts are easy but if you dont read the textbook and actually put in effort you wont do better than high 70s.

Review 143 (student disliked the course):
this is the easiest class you'll have in loo, so enjoy!

Review 144 (student liked the course):
Sometimes it got confusing because of the graphs on the final but easy course if you put in the work.

Review 145 (student disliked the course):
Jokes class. Took it with a prof who does nothing from the textbook and I swear he made up the whole course. Midterms and final are an easy 90, if not 110

Review 146 (student disliked the course):
I really don't like the way this course was taught. I found the professor to be lacking in enthusiasm and lectures were literally reading the slides out loud.

Review 147 (student liked the course):
Lots of content but all very interesting

Review 148 (student disliked the course):
Too much memorization

Review 149 (student disliked the course):
Took it as a bird course. Sure, it was birdy, but it was really boring.

Review 150 (student disliked the course):
it wasn't that hard but the prof made it complicated.

Review 151 (student liked the course):
Read the text book, do those multiple choice questions from the study guide then you will be all set.

Review 152 (student disliked the course):
Avoid the online course but, it has a nice bell curve

Review 153 (student liked the course):
Interesting and easy. Make sure to do exercises after class. I dont think it is necessary to read the textbook unless you feel like to do so.

Review 154 (student liked the course):
Bird course

Review 155 (student liked the course):
Took this course online by Prof Wendy Roth, easy course, but felt 102 is easier than 101.

Review 156 (student disliked the course):
Definitely not my thing. I was taking it as a bird course, but that did not go so well.

Review 157 (student liked the course):
Took it as a CSE, highest graded CSE course I have on record. Multiple choice midterm and final exams. Skipped couple lectures, but studying only the optional assignments and practice exams guaranteed a 100%

Review 158 (student liked the course):
All multiple choice, all about memory and understanding. One of the easiest courses in first year

Review 159 (student disliked the course):
Really easy and useful to know, all exams are multiple choice :) very useful for understanding political platforms and world issues (also just useful if you want to do anything in business)

Review 160 (student liked the course):
Very easy course and the material was interesting enough. Dry at some points but it's just memorization for those bits. You don't need to go to lectures, you can just read the textbook and do study guide questions. Was an easy 95+.

Review 161 (student liked the course):
Easy bird course. Multiple choice ftw.

Review 162 (student disliked the course):
Read the book and go to class for free marks

Review 163 (student disliked the course):
Course wasn't hard per se, but it was very boring.

Review 164 (student disliked the course):
Boring class.

Review 165 (student liked the course):
Pretty chill course.

Review 166 (student liked the course):
Fairly simple course, useful info about economics.

Review 167 (student liked the course):
This was a pretty easy course if you took economics in high school. I didn't take it in high school, but reading the textbook and doing the study guide, which was super helpful, made this course not super difficult for me.

Review 168 (student disliked the course):
Really boring course, but all of the material is relatively basic.

Review 169 (student disliked the course):
Extremely easy and basic, after taking no econ in high school. Read the textbook and you'll do fine. Attend class here or there to figure out what chapters to read for the two midterms / final.

Review 170 (student disliked the course):
Bird course overall..material is very easy

Review 171 (student liked the course):
Best bird course

Review 172 (student disliked the course):
if you can find any other prof to take this course with, do it. the textbook isn't too bad, taught myself the course from there. the first midterm is 20%, second is 30%, and the exam is 50%.

Review 173 (student disliked the course):
very theory-based

Review 174 (student disliked the course):
An easy course, although really boring.

Review 175 (student liked the course):
Very interesting course because my prof (Packalen) was into the application of learned concepts instead of textbook readings and multiple choice

Review 176 (student disliked the course):
Heavily dependent on prof. In my case, it was a boring bird course elective. Take for mark boost with very dry material in general.

Review 177 (student liked the course):
I would definitely recommend this course to students interested in learning the basics of economics. Try to keep up with the textbook readings in advance of the lectures and make sure to sign up for MyEconLab to do the optional quizzes, they're great practice and nice way to boost your mark.

Review 178 (student liked the course):
Easy course and content is not too boring

Review 179 (student disliked the course):
Boring class, textbook explains everything you need to know

Review 180 (student liked the course):
The concept in this class are not hard to understand as long as you read the textbook and then use the professors lecture to renforce it

Review 181 (student liked the course):
got 90+ after reading through the study guide

Review 182 (student liked the course):
Overall it wasn't bad, but the final exam was quite difficult. Do the study guide and you'll do well. There was not much point in going to class.

Review 183 (student liked the course):
It was an easy course and depends on who the prof is, it could be fun as well.

Review 184 (student liked the course):
Easiest course ever! guaranteed 80+

Review 185 (student disliked the course):
Pretty much the same as my high school econ...

Review 186 (student liked the course):
Super Easy!

Review 187 (student disliked the course):
Dont take it unless you are interested in the course

Review 188 (student disliked the course):
Not a fan of ECON, but if you had taken it in high school, it should be an easy start for you

Review 189 (student liked the course):
Simple concepts, textbook course.

Review 190 (student liked the course):
This is a blindingly easy and boring course - unless you have Larry Smith. Then, it is somewhat difficult (don't miss ANY lectures!), but really, really interesting. Take it with him.

Review 191 (student liked the course):
Easy course, review of high school economics, really enjoyable

Review 192 (student liked the course):
Very useful concepts, no matter what you're majoring in.

Review 193 (student liked the course):
Read all the textbook material, and you'll do fine. Go to the lectures, use the study guide as those questions will appear on the exams.

Review 194 (student disliked the course):
didnt go to any lecture of this course= =

Review 195 (student liked the course):
Easy grade booster

Review 196 (student liked the course):
Many ways to go about taking this class. Used textbook or out-of-date textbook works amazing still. I spent 1-2 hours per week on this course, skipped almost all the classes. I studied from the textbook a lot though.

Review 197 (student disliked the course):
The material is really boring.

Review 198 (student disliked the course):
Useful for my major? Nope. Useful for my general knowledge? Kinda. Easy? It's birdy for all profs except Smith.

Review 199 (student liked the course):
Read the textbook, buy the study guide!! learn concept instead of memorizing.

Review 200 (student disliked the course):
repeat of econ in high school. not particularly difficult; expect to do well.

Review 201 (student disliked the course):
Topics will appear in many other courses.

Review 202 (student liked the course):
I really liked this course. Good bird course.

Review 203 (student liked the course):
Make sure you go to class, as that's your best way of getting a good mark in mid-terms and exams. You'll get lots of help from the notes you take, rather than what you read in your textbook.

Review 204 (student liked the course):
Easiest course of my life.

Review 205 (student disliked the course):
no need to go to class - just do the questions the study guide!

Review 206 (student liked the course):
I didn't take economics in high school, so I found this course rather difficult near the end. The textbook is wonderful though. It's actually rather interesting to read.

Review 207 (student disliked the course):
I really didn't like how they babied all of the concepts. No derivatives anywhere!

Review 208 (student disliked the course):
Nothing too difficult.

Review 209 (student liked the course):
Really enjoyed the class! Took awhile for it to click but when it did, it became super easy! Textbook really helps you learn the concepts; use it!

Review 210 (student liked the course):
This course is taught very differently by each instructor. Each section has a different exam. Larry Smith's exams are particularly different than the rest.

Review 211 (student disliked the course):
I did not like the course. I found it to be harder than 102 since it is harder to imagine real life examples of the material covered. The material was not very interesting. But overall it was not too bad.

Review 212 (student disliked the course):
The course is fairly straightforward if you go to class and pay attention. You may need to read the textbook from time to time to get a better understanding of certain concepts.

Review 213 (student liked the course):
Good course, decent amount of content and I found it as a good introduction. Very much recommended.

Review 214 (student liked the course):
Beginner economics is beginner economics. It's only a slice of whats to come. It's a pretty easy class to pick up solely from attending lectures.

