Student reviews of SPCOM 223: Public Speaking
University of Waterloo — collected from UWFlow (student-run course review site)
Course stats: 498 ratings | 68% found it useful | 73% found it easy | 71% liked it

Review 1 (student liked the course):
Loved taking this class. Will recommend it to anyone who will listen. The marking and course material is non-traditional, but it is easy to get min. 80, and over 90 if you simply show that you were interested and did beyond the bare minimum. Subject material teaches you to think critically, professor was really transparent about the marking scheme (or lack thereof) and that this class teaches you to engage in critical discussion with one another instead of simply learning how to speak more confidently (although you'll likely learn this too).

Review 2 (student liked the course):
Take this course with a bunch of friends and it will be a pretty fun time. Just a bunch of talking

Review 3 (student liked the course):
Interesting speech topics. Felt useless though because it was online and you could re-record your speech however many times you wanted so it defeated the purpose of practicing public speaking. Easy 90 even with zero effort.

Review 4 (student liked the course):
I personally found this course to be quite fun but that's probably because I love public speaking. I took it online which made it really easy and the groups we had to form also helped me make some friends which was also nice. The course content/lectures are mostly useless and you can simply wing it for most of the speeches and do just fine. It feels like the prof doesn't really watch stuff as I got an 85% on basically everything in this course.

Review 5 (student liked the course):
Okay, so I took this course online during Fall 2020 (Covid). It was a pretty good course, I'm kind of awkward in front of cameras so I think it would have been better in person. I met some pretty nice people in my discussion group! I recommend this course.

Review 6 (student liked the course):
I loved this course because I talk a lot. It is very much 'bird'. Professor Matt gave amazing feedback and helped me gain confidence with speaking. Sometimes marked a bit harshly but overall it will teach you how to improve. This course is starting my journey to possibly double degree in communications. Side note, my jaw dropped seeing so many bba / cs or bba / math students in classes HAHAHAHA.

Review 7 (student liked the course):
This course does what it sets out to do, but no more. If you put the effort into practicing your extemporaneous speech skills a bit and show up to class, it should be an easy 80 or 90 (take online Fall 2021). For all you math students choosing a communications course, this is a good option if you feel somewhat comfortable with speaking and you want to do the minimum amount of writing possible. Also, please turn your cameras on! Your professor does not want to teach to a bunch of black boxes with your names on them...

Review 8 (student liked the course):
Took Winter 2019. One of the easiest courses ever as essentially your just presenting about a topic. Had 3 major speeches that made up a majority of your mark, but as long as you sounded confident it didn't really matter what you said. After all its about getting your confidence up speaking in front of a class.

Review 9 (student disliked the course):
Switch to Jeff Stacey's section for easy 81.25% (nothing more and nothing less)

Review 10 (student disliked the course):
The worst course I've taken especially with Jeff Stacey. While other classes had 95+ in the end (such as Morteza's), Jeff Stacey's class probably ended with an 80 class average. He definitely didn't even read my analysis assignments since he said "bold quotes" when I didn't even have any. Overall, very useless course with a prof that marks like doggie.

Review 11 (student disliked the course):
Depends on the prof, too much work considering it is a communication and I have no interest in the topic.

Review 12 (student disliked the course):
This is a super light course! It is not difficult, you just have to stay on top of your readings and make sure not to fall behind. It was fairly useful to get more comfortable with making speeches and recording yourself speaking.

Review 13 (student liked the course):
easily within the top 5 courses ive taken so far, not even close to the sixth

Review 14 (student liked the course):
Took this course online. This course definitely had more work than necessary, so it was sometimes annoying, but the work was easy to do and you could get ahead if you wanted. We had 3 short speeches, 3 longer speeches, written quizzes to ensure you had done the readings or watched the videos, and then written assignments based off group discussions. I would not say I learned much, although I did enjoy making speeches and some of the other speeches were interesting to watch. I think this course would have been much more engaging had it been in person, but for a communication course it did the job and it was not too difficult to get a high grade.

Review 15 (student liked the course):
This course was quite possibly the easiest and freest 100 I've ever received in my life. Literally 0 meaningful work and free GPA boost. If you're concerned about not having enough time or having a poor GPA in 1A, please take this course.

Review 16 (student liked the course):
Instructor: I had Greg Campbell, who was cool and nice. Apparently generous with extensions (I did an assignment 2 weeks late and he still accepted it for half credit). I saw him only once IRL but he was a very personable guy, as you might expect for a public speaking instructor. Content: Pretty boring. I couldn't bring myself to do the readings until the day before all my quizzes were due. (Another thing: quizzes are supposed to be done weekly but they are all due at the end of the semester, so you can just put them off til then). The assignments are supposed to be "useful". They are actually not bad for an online course, and probably better than the alternatives (SPCOM 100 or ENGL 109) but they are still pretty tedious to do and I don't think I really got better at public speaking as a result. Grading: Easy-peasy. You can expect to get an ~85+ on all of your "major" assignments, which are worth around 50% of your mark, as long as you actually put legitimate effort into them. The rest of the course is completion marks, and you'll get a 100% if you weren't a dumbass like me and you actually submit your work on time. So basically you get a 90 total as long as you actually finish your work.

Review 17 (student liked the course):
SPCOM 223 with Jeff Stacey is the best course I have taken and it has no assignments no work nothing. The work was super easy and I felt the course was really engaging. Me and my groupmates had a lot of fun as we made speeches and held discussions for analysis. We enjoyed the scarce readings and it helped us relax from the tiring math and CS courses. Best elective i have taken and would recommend to everyone. 100% liked 100% easy

Review 18 (student liked the course):
Great course, super useful and easy 95+ if you take it with Jeff Stacey.

Review 19 (student liked the course):
amazing course - opened my third eye and by third eye, I mean my asshole with how much it fucked with me

Review 20 (student liked the course):
Recommended course if you want to get your communication elective with minimal effort. Expect to have assignments be posted a few days before the deadline and to never receive your grades back lol. As for the material, most of what is taught is common sense.

Review 21 (student disliked the course):
Useless of a course. I took it hoping to do some speech, but instead, I am hit with multiple quizzes every week and standard essay assignments. I tried to follow every piece of advice the professor gave me, but somehow my grade goes lower.

Review 22 (student disliked the course):
During my offering the course had changed from "Public Speaking" to "How to Listen", because, in the words of my professor, it's not valuable to teach students how to speak well if they can't speak eloquently about politics or social issues, and it's irresponsible to be apolitical in this day and age. The course consisted of weekly discussions about assigned readings concerning social justice issues, and the professor has a self-admitted "left of left" liberal bias. If this sounds valuable to you by all means, take it, but calling the course "Public Speaking" was entirely misleading. I feel like I was cat-fished.

Review 23 (student disliked the course):
Took this course with Morteza. Didn't receive any marks back for vast majority of the term (beyond the introduction speech which was marked for completion). Very difficult to know how you're doing. Way too much work, definitely not bird. If you want an easy comms course, this is not it. Try SPCOM 100.

Review 24 (student disliked the course):
Waste of time and effort.

Review 25 (student disliked the course):
The course is contradictory. We learn about translingualism (the idea that all versions/accents/etc of English are valid), yet we are marked on how grammatically correct our writing is and how clear our speaking is. We watched a TED Talk on why English requirements for university students is a barrier, yet SPCOM 223 is essentially an English requirement course. We are expected to use the course readings in our assignments, yet when I didn't use them, I got a higher mark lol.

Review 26 (student liked the course):
I loved this course but I hated some of it. It was fun but weird since we were on zoom. We didn't really learn anything, just learned how to pay attention to important public speaking factors. The assignments and impromptu speeches were fun, but the articles used words that didn't even feel like English. Overall, there are some bad parts of the course but I loved it!

Review 27 (student liked the course):
Useless course, learned nothing. Take spcom100 instead please

Review 28 (student liked the course):
Professor Carey is wonderful. He was very genuine and showed true concern for the growth of his students. He always closed his eyes when we spoke and that pretty much shows his passion for us. Perfect amount of work (very minimal), and he was open to feedback the entire course and would shift requirements around based on what students wanted. Only downside is the final is due in 4 days and we've received no marks.

Review 29 (student disliked the course):
Ton of work. I took all three advanced math/cs courses in my 1A term and had more work from this course than my advanced courses. Average 2 to three assignments in one week. I took this course to avoid writing assignments and ended up with more writing assignments than my peers who didn't take this course. Would not recommend unless you want to not have time on other assignments. Edits: No point of putting time into the written components, which are just generic SJW readings and essay questions. I got the exact same feedback/score distribution with two assignments, one of which I spent 30 minutes on and the other I spend 3 hours on.

Review 30 (student disliked the course):
So useless, switch into a class w less assignments to avoid spending time doing countless assignments

Review 31 (student liked the course):
Took this course with Anders Bergstrom and he was pretty awesome. The content was pretty interesting but there were a lot of small assignments. We had to hand in a question or two based on our readings each week, had a few small public speaking tasks (each about 2 minutes), and one big speech (about 5 minutes) with a partner. Overall not a bad course.

Review 32 (student liked the course):
Took it online so it was useless for me

Review 33 (student disliked the course):
Didn't get a single mark back until exams lmfao.

Review 34 (student liked the course):
The course content was pretty much useless, but it was super easy (if you like making speeches). Morteza was a super easy marker. If you submit your work you're almost guaranteed a 90+.

Review 35 (student disliked the course):
Course content is interesting. Three major speeches, three minor speeches, along with some readings.

Review 36 (student liked the course):
kinda useless but ok

Review 37 (student liked the course):
Short speeches about small topics and some long speeches that required lots of planning and preparation. Each week had some readings and your speech would be based on the technique learned. I did it online but speeches still had to be memorized and well worded. Analysis assignments were about every 2 weeks and those were a bit hard to do on top of your readings and preparing and filming speeches.

Review 38 (student disliked the course):
Considering it's an online public speaking course, I felt it was quite well organized. But again, it's an online public speaking course.

Review 39 (student liked the course):
Lots of assignments but the marking was nice.

Review 40 (student disliked the course):
Easy course to take online. Consists of 3 assignments which are 3-5 minute long videos, and a discussion post each week. Def recommend taking it if you're like me an hate writing essays but need to get your comms requirements in.

Review 41 (student liked the course):
This was a great course, Jeff Stacey set it up really nicely. I took it online, and so I was a bit skeptical of how I was going to do public speaking without... well... public speaking. Instead we recorded videos of ourselves, which worked really nicely. I think this course is highly dependent on the instructor, get Stacey if you can.

Review 42 (student disliked the course):
I didn't prepare for any of my speeches and still did pretty well

Review 43 (student liked the course):
Readings were somewhat interesting but didn't learn too any new things. Being able to practice speaking in front of the class was pretty good though. Workload was reasonable and on the easier side except for one of the video presentations which took a bit of effort.

Review 44 (student disliked the course):
As subjective as english can be. I'm sure if one really spent the time to practice their speeches and body language, they would actually gain something from this course.

Review 45 (student disliked the course):
Biggest waste of time. I had been doing public speaking for a long time, and took this course as a way to improve my skills. Instead I learned so much theory that I could tell you how to be a better speaker, but I’m not any better than I started.

Review 46 (student liked the course):
This course has three big speech projects (where most of your marks come from, some of these are in groups), and three smaller minute-long practice speech exercises. This course is clearly good at what it sets out to do - I saw classmates go from 4 minutes-over time, rambling speeches at the start of term, to concise and to-the-point speeches with clear purpose by the end of term. Would absolutely recommend this course if you're looking to get better at speeches, because you will. Don't skip any lectures though - class participation is usually a big part of lectures, and being part of the audience is important for when others are making speeches. Also keep on top of required readings - you don't want to be clueless when your professor asks for your thoughts on the article you were supposed to have read.

Review 47 (student liked the course):
Jeff Stacey

Review 48 (student liked the course):
Bruh you gotta take this course -- face your fears of public speaking and let this class help you build on an inner ability you have but need to believe in - the main thing that I got from this course was that communication is important -- if you go to class and participate and allow it to be fun then you will reap the benefits

Review 49 (student liked the course):
Speeches every ~2 weeks. Somewhat improved my confidence presenting in front of a group. No tests or quizzes.

Review 50 (student liked the course):
100% prof dependent but if you get a good prof it's a great course.

Review 51 (student disliked the course):
Highly prof dependent. In my class, we spent have the time reading and discussing articles completely irreverent to public speaking. I don't feel like this course helped me improve my public speaking at all. With that being said, I still did ok and it was not a huge time commitment.

Review 52 (student liked the course):
Pretty good communication course. You have to do reading evaluations but profs usually don't read them. 3 major speeches and 3 minor speeches. You don't get a lot of practice which is disappointing. With my prof, it was easy to get a 75 but hard to get above 85. Overall, not too work intensive.

Review 53 (student liked the course):
Good course, really depends on your prof. I had Shira Schwartz who was good but a bit of a hard marker at first. Don't honestly think this course is super easy (like easy 90) because it's not. The public speaking they make you learn and practice is not the same as doing presentations, etc. the goal is to make you good at speaking in an "improv" way. Even memorizing your entire speech won't do it for you since they want your speech to seem really natural (as if you havent memorized or rehearsed it a lot) but as if you are actually talking to the person (audience) or sharing your opinion. That would be the mindset I recommend going into this course with! Overall course not too bad, although idk why we have to make a video for an assignment(?) could have gone without all that trouble. NOTE: no exam and most of the 3 speech assignments (plus weekly readings/viewings) are throughout the course. You literally have to write a 2-4 minute speech every few weeks - which takes up a lot of time from other course work tbh.

Review 54 (student disliked the course):
Heavily prof dependent; taught me nothing about public speaking (the course seems to focus more on the content of what you might speak about with units like justice/injustice rather than speech design and delivery).

Review 55 (student liked the course):
Very subjective course, make sure you have a good prof. Otherwise, it is very very easy if you don't mind speaking in front of people

Review 56 (student liked the course):
Not too hard.

Review 57 (student liked the course):
Essential and useful course for everyone. Not much work besides preparing for speeches.

Review 58 (student liked the course):
Took it with Kevin Carey. It was an engaging course, as the classes were mostly discussion based. The readings early on were a bit dry, but as the course progressed the assigned readings/videos became more interesting. Carey focused a lot more on speech structure and design than delivery, which is what a lot of people needed to improve on anyway. The workload was fairly light (only weekly readings with short responses, along with the speeches, of course).

Review 59 (student liked the course):
Not a lot of work, improved some skills. Overall okay course.

Review 60 (student liked the course):
Was really easy to do and marks are very lenient. Fun and doesn't take too much time other than making a couple of speeches and outlines.

Review 61 (student liked the course):
best course in 1a

Review 62 (student liked the course):
Fun, gg

Review 63 (student liked the course):
Fun course

Review 64 (student liked the course):
I took this course with Greg, and it was a blast! All the people in my class were upper years, and they all had their own experiences to share. Even though I am weak at public speaking, I had tonnes of fun in the course and would recommend it to anyone thinking of completing their language requirement, or just for fun.

Review 65 (student liked the course):
This course teaches you how to speak in public by giving you lots of practice. The class sizes are small enough that you will eventually feel less nervous during your speeches, since you will probably know most of your class well if they have interesting speeches! This course depends mostly on the professor that you get; I had Jeff Stacey, and he is fantastic! Not much work was required for this course; it was fun and very practical.

Review 66 (student liked the course):
Fun course teaches you to speak better and do other stuff good too. Felt like high school, and was definitely the course I laughed the most in. Very fun, meet other people, and joke around. Great elective.

Review 67 (student liked the course):
I was very scared of public speaking before I took this course, but this course gave me the chance to practice public speaking in front of a very friendly and positive audience (of 30 or so students). The best way to be a better public speaker and get over the fear is to actually do it. I definitely feel more comfortable in front of a public audience now. The grading was very subjective and I would say unfair - for one speech we had to work in groups of 4 or 5 and everyone would get the same grade, regardless of clear differences in effort and results between group members. It is hard to get a grade below 75, but extremely difficult if not impossible to get a 90+ (at least with my prof).

Review 68 (student liked the course):
I had Anders Bergstrom. Short readings that I just bullshitted my weekly assignments on. He just marked it for participation. Also not a time consuming course at all

Review 69 (student disliked the course):
It's easy, but annoying. Think of this course on the same level as a PD course, and put about that much effort into it. It's hard to fail, and it's hard to do well. And be prepared to deal with some Arts faculty BS if you're in Engineering of Math.

Review 70 (student liked the course):
course was fun but personally not very useful. workload is basically just 3-4 hours the night before your next speech. there was some "required" reading but for my class we never actually did anything with any of the readings so i didn't bother

Review 71 (student liked the course):
fun class if taken with the right prof

Review 72 (student liked the course):
Lower marks than I expected, tough marking. This class was very enjoyable, loved the units and the discussions.

Review 73 (student liked the course):
I liked the course a lot as it teaches you how to become a public speaker, but it really goes down to which prof you get; I was quite lucky that I got an amazing prof.

Review 74 (student liked the course):
Great course. Fun, exciting. I recommend Jeff Stacey.

Review 75 (student liked the course):
Workload can be a bit high (weekly speeches), but the course itself is a lot of fun.

Review 76 (student disliked the course):
This course holds a unique place in my heart. I find, when I look back to any university course, I can see something about them that I learned or gained from the time. I remember this course as a black hole, in which my time went, and nothing of value came out. Really easy, but annoyingly time consuming.

Review 77 (student liked the course):
Being more of a mathematical than language mind, I was kind of dreading this class going in, despite knowing that I would benefit from what it would teach. The class turned out to be one of the most engaging and interesting I've ever taken. I'm sad to see it end!

Review 78 (student liked the course):
I think everyone should take this course. I'm not sure I'm a great speaker even after this course, but the point was: it made me much more comfortable speaking in front of others.

Review 79 (student liked the course):
Great for getting practice for public speaking, and getting feedback. Pretty easy course if you put in minimal effort.

Review 80 (student liked the course):
This course is nerve wracking at times, but really builds your skills.

Review 81 (student disliked the course):
For a math major it's passable. Just do the work and you can get a pretty easy 80. Somewhat uninteresting.

Review 82 (student liked the course):
Good course to practice speeches. There is some theory and research needed, but it is an overall fun and useful course.

Review 83 (student liked the course):
i think this would be a really great elective if i didn't have it at 8:30 am. the course was easy and you really don't learn any content. it's really just a playground where you can practice your public speaking in front of others. i think anyone who is half decent and public speaking should take this course.

Review 84 (student disliked the course):
The recent restructuring of this course to include "Topics of Justice" has taken a significant portion of course time from actual public speaking skills. Spent way too much time on readings and speech theory instead of practicing public speaking. Although this would have been a good source of material for speech, it was not balanced well and most of the course was just justice and readings...

Review 85 (student disliked the course):
The course was way too theoretical - almost a continuation of high-school english. I wish there were more actual public speaking rather than boring group/class discussions on random essays.

Review 86 (student disliked the course):
By easy I don't mean it's necessarily easy to get marks. It's just an easy class to chill in. I didn't like it too much; there are a lot of assigned readings and we didn't do nearly as many speeches as I had wished. I guess it can train your speaking skills, but a lot of the class is just discussion on readings.

Review 87 (student liked the course):
Not the course it used to be, as a warning. Still a great course!

Review 88 (student liked the course):
Pretty useful course. I had no confidence in public speaking when I started this course. With a bit of shoving from my professor, I'd like to say that I turned out a lot better by the end of the course. If you put in the time and effort it is an easy class.

Review 89 (student disliked the course):
Didn't like it. This course is not meant for introverts and you will be penalized for it.

Review 90 (student liked the course):
Best course so far, loved the workshop format, practical components and speeches added most value!

Review 91 (student liked the course):
Super fun class. Don't underestimate the readings, as they are very important, but once you've got those done you just need to write some speeches and present them. It was really easy and fun, and I feel that the template for speeches can apply to things like essay writing as well. I loved this class!

Review 92 (student liked the course):
I highly recommend this course. It will increase your confidence in public speaking. Make sure you spend time on crafting your speeches. Half of your mark is based off the delivery, and the other half is based off of your structure and content.

Review 93 (student liked the course):
Great course to take. Pretty easy. 1-2 short readings per class. 2 presentations and a final impromptu to top it off.

Review 94 (student liked the course):
Fantastic class, but I hear they're changing it. It's just four speeches and a bit of evaluations on other's speeches, very little reading to do, and a fun small class over all. Great communication course.

Review 95 (student liked the course):
Fun course, but not sure you'll get much out of it if you don't have stage fright. You get lots of practice and have a fun time but I'm not sure I improved or learned much.

Review 96 (student liked the course):
Always something to improve on, but sometimes marks were not rewarded for improving something.

Review 97 (student disliked the course):
Was forced to take this as a communications course.

Review 98 (student disliked the course):
Boring but easy course with lower than average courseload. Personally I don't think that it improved my public speaking skills but I was already pretty comfortable with presenting so this might not be the case for you.

Review 99 (student disliked the course):
I guess the material is useful for learning to do speeches, but there aren't nearly enough opportunities to perform. Most of the time is spent watching other people and evaluating, which isn't nearly as useful as actually practicing. I felt that this was more of a time sink than anything else.

Review 100 (student liked the course):
This course had a bit of an ebb and flow to it – there will be times when you will have little to no work for weeks on end, and other times when you'll be in a mad dash to prepare presentations and write-ups and the like. If you put effort into this class, you will have an amazing time. If you don't, prepare to lose both good marks and your dignity. Oh yeah, and you'll also learn about Public Speaking or something. Like, a lot. More than you thought was possible.

Review 101 (student liked the course):
Fun course. I don't think this course really makes you any better at public speaking but I suppose it does give you some amount of confidence.

Review 102 (student liked the course):
Awesome course! Learned a lot of techniques about public speaking.

Review 103 (student liked the course):
A fun break from regular electives, and it'll make you a much more confident speaker, too. I ended up making 3 prepared presentations and 4 impromptu (but only 1 marked), and some basic writing to evaluate classmate's presentations. Most of class time is spent watching other people present.

Review 104 (student liked the course):
Really engaging, entertaining course

Review 105 (student liked the course):
This class was mandatory for me and I wasn't exactly thrilled to take it but overall I found it a good learning experience. A lot of non-spcom students take it and it's really good practice for presentations and the like. I didn't find that the material itself was actually all that useful but the practical components were

Review 106 (student liked the course):
The course focused on preparing speeches to present in front of the class. Three main speeches and one impromptu speech make up the course, as well as participation and professionalism.

Review 107 (student liked the course):
An okay course. You get to know cool people and their different interests. Fairly educational, and easy if you stay on top of all the due dates. Definitely helps your public speaking skills!

Review 108 (student disliked the course):
There was not too much work required for this course, but it was also hard to get a very good grade in it unless you're very good with presenting speeches

Review 109 (student liked the course):
This course is really easy, you just present 4 speeches throughout the term. The pain is evaluating the other students speeches which can also be very painful to sit through.

Review 110 (student liked the course):
Probably one of the best courses I've ever taken. Very useful!

Review 111 (student liked the course):
First class is always intimidating, but the people you work with soon become like family! I have learnt very useful public speaking skills to apply to other aspects of my life/courses. Especially important is the lesson you learn regarding how to structure a good speech. The design of a speech - not the delivery - is what is emphasized in this course. If you need an elective, but are not sure what to take, take this one. You do 3 speeches: informative, persuasive and entertaining.

Review 112 (student liked the course):
Heard it was a generally useful course and have it found useful myself, mainly for the practice that it makes you do. There are 4 speeches that count for marks (and a few practice ones). Class participation/attendance matters for marks!

Review 113 (student liked the course):
Practice makes perfect! Really though, practice your speech!

Review 114 (student liked the course):
Does not need much time during term.

Review 115 (student disliked the course):
There really is no way to prepare for this course other than working on your speaking ability. Good luck!

Review 116 (student liked the course):
I thought the presentation formats were a bit too structured. I would have liked more experience building presentations the way I see fit.

Review 117 (student liked the course):
There is not much to prepare for. Marks will be based relatively on how well you meet the standards and may remain consistent for the rest of the course. You should remember to participate when possible.

Review 118 (student liked the course):
If just for the experience of preparing and presenting, this course is well worth it.

Review 119 (student liked the course):
This is a useful course and did get me used to public speaking but it is a very subjective course. Different profs like different speaking styles.

Review 120 (student liked the course):
Very engaging and interesting course but you need to be really confident and good at public speaking to secure a good grade.

Review 121 (student liked the course):
When writing reviews of classmates' speeches, make sure you are specific, give examples, and give specific ways the person could improve. Do that, and you will receive full marks.

Review 122 (student liked the course):
Extremely interesting because of the variety of topics from each of the speeches. Useful, since almost any work will involve speaking in front of colleagues or supervisors.

Review 123 (student liked the course):
Great class to learn the basics of public speaking - a valuable skill in any aspect of life. There are 3 speeches you have to give - informational, persuasive, and entertaining. The class sizes are maximum 25 people so you don't have to worry about getting up in front of 100 people and giving a speech!

Review 124 (student liked the course):
Loved this course! It was just so hard to get a good mark in.

