Student reviews of ENGL 109: Introduction to Academic Writing
University of Waterloo — collected from UWFlow (student-run course review site)
Course stats: 540 ratings | 42% found it useful | 76% found it easy | 42% liked it

Review 1 (student disliked the course):
i hate writing and this god forsaken language から je 去 saltare ਇੱਕ небоскреб

Review 2 (student disliked the course):
Very easy if you just want to cruise by and get a 60-70. Will require a decent amount of work if you want a good mark.

Review 3 (student disliked the course):
Overall it's only like, 3 essays. Not impossible to crunch out in a week if you really want.

Review 4 (student disliked the course):
my lowest mark in undergrad so far...(writing this as a third year CS student who took it in 1A) I never struggled with high school English (everyone always said I was a good writer), but my goodness the profs in this class will just give you the dumbest fucking prompts and pick it apart for the stupidest things. Take spcomm or something if you're doing this for the communication req.

Review 5 (student disliked the course):
took the course online. very dry and frankly I did not ever read the textbook or any of the content on LEARN and opted to only read what was necessary to complete an assignment. The course essentially boils down to 3 essays, discussion posts that are for completion, and a final portfolio where you revise 2 previous essays. I wrote every essay the day before or the day of its due date and did okay on them. i finished with an 83% so that method was definitely doable but I know I could have gotten much higher had more effort been put into it. don't regret taking the course but I feel like I would have been better off taking SPCOM

Review 6 (student disliked the course):
I do not recommend this course unless you really enjoy writing. Course content was dry and not much of it was useful. For online offering, content was delivered in a pre-made format which just told us to do textbook readings and activities which were marked for competition. There were no synchronous or asynchronous lectures, and textbook readings were not really helpful towards doing the assignments either. So I don't feel that I really improved my writing skills much in this course (my marks stayed mostly consistent throughout which reflects this). There are 3 papers and a final portfolio in which you edit 2 of your papers. These assignments are pretty average in terms of workload. There are peer edits for the papers, but not often do you receive useful feedback, as most of us at this skill level are not too good at revising. Finally, in terms of grades it is easy enough to pass but to score high on the essays (80/90), you have to put in the work so don't think that this is a bird course. However note there are a bunch of participation marks and easy Dropbox things that can boost your final grade. Overall, not much reason to take this course unless you really like writing.

Review 7 (student disliked the course):
The course was extremely boring and a complete waste of time. I think most sections of this course were organized well, but some profs like to teach their own way, and that could make the organization a nightmare. Fairly easy, but the essays take a couple of hours even if you're speedrunning. If you like writing then you might enjoy the class somewhat, but you definitely won't learn anything meaningful. If you're taking this as a communication course in the Math faculty then you most likely would benefit more from taking an SPCOM class instead of this one, even if the SPCOM classes are borderline useless as well.

Review 8 (student liked the course):
The course isn't easy nor difficult, if you do the work and do it on time it's easy to get a good mark.

Review 9 (student liked the course):
took it F20 online, there's some discussions and 3 essays throughout the semester, pretty easy

Review 10 (student disliked the course):
Overall, the course is a recap of Grade 12 English and not much other than that.

Review 11 (student disliked the course):
Was just essays and discussions. Got 79%

Review 12 (student disliked the course):
If you are a STEM major and need comm elective for your degree, I wouldn't recommend this course, unless writing really interests you. Marking schemes and course contents vary between profs and terms. But this isn't high school English, so you really need to put in extra efforts to get 80+ for this course.

Review 13 (student disliked the course):
This course was, unfortunately, useless. I loved English in high school, however I could barely make it through this one. The course is confusingly organized with unreletated quizzes at the start of each unit, where you have to score 100% to reveal the rest of the content. Said content is tedious and has no practical value whatsoever. My instructor was pretty nice, but this did not come close to making up for the actual content of the course. It's not too difficult, just takes a lot of time for not much learning.

Review 14 (student disliked the course):
Start your essays early!

Review 15 (student liked the course):
This course was pretty simple. It does help improve your writing skills and the assignments are pretty straightforward. I would say my best part was the peer reviews.

Review 16 (student liked the course):
I actually liked this course a lot, but it probably has more to do with the prof than the content itself. Prof. Gibson chose really great readings, and I enjoyed getting to peer edit work in class.

Review 17 (student liked the course):
Super light, but ONLY if you don't mind writing. There were 3 essays: a narrative (a story about something that happened to you), an evaluation (a review), and an argument. There were also some discussion posts and reflections. No exam, but you have to pick 2 out of the 3 essays to submit as a final portfolio. The TAs barely give useful feedback, but if you reach out to the profs on your own, they'll most likely help you a lot.

Review 18 (student liked the course):
This class didn't really require much for online. There's a lot of assignments that are only marked for completion so its pretty much free marks. There are 3 big essays that need to be written but overall it was pretty good.

Review 19 (student disliked the course):
wtf

Review 20 (student liked the course):
Essays and other assignments were pretty easy. In terms of your final portfolio, actually take the time to properly revise your essays as it will reflect how much you actually learned during the course.

Review 21 (student disliked the course):
Awful course. Super dry and boring.

Review 22 (student disliked the course):
This course is mostly just writing essays and reading other people's essays. There is something due almost every week, sometimes up to 3 things a week. Non-major essay assignments are needlessly tedious and boring. The final portfolio is also a fat pain in the ass since you have to revise your previous essays. If you already spent a lot of time writing them for the initial submission, then you might have a very hard time coming up with things to change, especially when the TA gives little to no feedback.

Review 23 (student liked the course):
Pretty easy class. Grade is mostly dependent on 3 essays, 2 of which you review at the end of term. If you actually put in the effort you can easily get 90+ in this class. The book for the class, which was most of the material for the class, was how to write anything 4th edition, you can find a cheap subscription. The 3rd edition probably won't work because you need to read specific essays from the book.

Review 24 (student liked the course):
The course content overall was decent. I didn't learn many new things but was able to practice writing through the 3 4-5 pg essays that you submitted and then edited for the final portfolio. The online format was clear in layout but there were also a lot of small assignments (about 3 per week). They weren't hard (most were completion marks) but it felt tedious.

Review 25 (student liked the course):
Course really depends on your TA. They are the ones that mark everything anyways. If you get a difficult TA that is hard to please, you may not end up with the marks you hope for.

Review 26 (student liked the course):
The course is highly dependent on the professor as they dictate marking. For us, there were 3 main essays all due at the end of the course that was 8 pages long and was 20% each. The remaining 40% were basically free marks. The course feels like death when you try to write 3 8 page essays on the final weekend when you have other exams to worry about.

Review 27 (student disliked the course):
This course is so easy, but extremely demanding. I've taken this course 3 times and every time i failed it was because i didnt hand in a million small assignments. you will have on average >1 assignment to hand in every week, as well as one 4-5 page essay every month. One good and bad thing about this course is most of the small assignments are group discussion, so you can go in without studying and make a response loosly based off of other group member's responses. this also means however that you cannot write all your assignments super early. This course is very easy if youre the type to keep all your classes in good balance, however i found it pretty easy to focus on my hard courses and forget about this one, putting me too far behind to catch up.

Review 28 (student disliked the course):
A lot of writing. Had to write three essays, five pages in length each, with multiple revisions, along with discussion posts occasionally. The peer review sessions were useful though. Overall, I'd say my writing improved a little.

Review 29 (student disliked the course):
Terrible course. You learn absolutely nothing. You can pass without any effort, but beyond that it depends entirely on your TA. Expect anything between a 70 and a 100. Do not take unless you absolutely have to.

Review 30 (student disliked the course):
Not as much academic writing as I would have liked. A lot of personal or not-so-academic writing. Taken online.

Review 31 (student disliked the course):
The course itself is literally just writing. You don't learn very much and the work is tedious. Now is it an easy course? Well yes, you don't do that much. However, that can be a con if your TA is like mine and literally took months to mark my assignments. For the longest time, I had 0/20 for my unit activities and she marked 3 of my assignments. I didn't know my progress in the course until the very end when 9-11 things were marked. How am I supposed to use my feedback? how do I know what I need to work on? As you can probably tell by this comment I'm still not a very good writer and I finished the course with a high 80. Waste of time and not an enjoyable course.

Review 32 (student disliked the course):
Literally one of the most useless course I've taken but unfortunately it was a requirement so I took it online. Had an awful TA (mine told us that we could send our papers anytime before it was due and she'll critique them so I sent her my paper a day or 2 in advance, she didn't respond until the day it was due and told me that I am unable to ask for feedback from her because the paper was due that night so I was a sitting duck for 2 days for no reason whatsoever which sucked because it was worth 30%) but the course itself is really easy. 3 major essays (10%, 10%, 15%), a revision of 2 of these essays (30%), participation assignments (20%) and small outlines/thesis (5%, 5%, 5%). It's not too bad, I managed to finish the course with an 85% despite everything. I really wouldn't recommend taking this unless you absolutely need to

Review 33 (student disliked the course):
This is a really easy course but it depends on your professor. Content-wise, you learn absolutely nothing (except maybe referencing), other than that it is useless. Only 3 essays and participation grades. The textbook is required but buy the older versions if you can

Review 34 (student disliked the course):
Lots of writing so fairly hard. Altaher was really hard on grading.

Review 35 (student liked the course):
I enjoyed this course but I think it really depends on the professor. With Kampherm it was pretty chill because we only got 3 assignments (and the 3rd one was cancelled because of the pandemic). The assignments were pretty good for writing practice but the lectures were kind of a waste of time. There's no midterm or final exam.

Review 36 (student disliked the course):
I don't really like the course because I hate writing essays. Only take it for the Mathematics communication requirement. However, it turned out that it was quite useful when you know about the academic writing style.

Review 37 (student disliked the course):
Do assignments on time and you should be good. Attend lectures just because attendance is recorded and is part of participation points. Lectures aren't really that useful though...

Review 38 (student disliked the course):
How it goes depends on the prof

Review 39 (student disliked the course):
Avoid Dorothy Hadfield at all costs. Her marking scheme is terribly strict for no reason, so I can't blame the TAs. Expect mid-high 70s instead of mid-high 90s with her as a prof. In general, it was an OK course. Taking it online, there are discussions, three major essay assignments, a final portfolio containing 2/3 essays that you choose and revise (P.S. make major changes and a lot of them for a good mark), and a final exam where you have to write an essay. Not too time consuming if you manage your time well.

Review 40 (student liked the course):
Had Ian Gibson as a prof, Fall 2019. You can tell he's actually passionate about English, and he did his best to make this course interesting and engaging, although it was rough as an 8:30 morning class. Grades consisted of mandatory participation, so don't skip classes, and three essays plus a few additional shorter pieces. I found his marking fair, but this isn't one of those courses where you can get easy 90s.

Review 41 (student liked the course):
Some profs give lots of homework, others give none. Easy course though and less subjective than SPCOM.

Review 42 (student liked the course):
As a math student, I really loved this course. It was a very nice break from doing entirely math courses. I was able to be very interested in the topics I was writing about, so the workload did not bother me at all. I had to do three 5-page essays but enjoyed the topics of each of them (there was a lot of freedom in writing topic). Going to class is fun too, very engaging, lots of collaboration, and nothing like a painfully boring math lecture (which is really all I knew before this class). This class opened my eyes to the English faculty, I have a newfound spect for English majors. 10/10 recommend.

Review 43 (student liked the course):
Lots of little weekly assignments that add up to one really large research project

Review 44 (student disliked the course):
Your experience with this course will be very different based on who you have as a prof. With my prof, ENGL 109 is mostly a review from high school English class. It's sorta of a bird course considering that you only need to write two essays and there isn't much new stuff learned. But be warned that you have quite a few readings to do. TA marked the essays oddly, and most of the kids in my class were complaining about it. Anyways, it's easy to get 75% - 84% . Don't expect a 90% unless you're an outstanding writer.

Review 45 (student liked the course):
Good course as it balances between writing and art debating which is not as boring as I thought. My class was not *that* heavy (one 500-word story, one 1000-word essay and one 1500-word research paper, along with 250-word random writing each week). Good for those who want to be more confident in writing.

Review 46 (student disliked the course):
Useless course. Waste of time and money because Waterloo likes to scam people on the ELPE just to make them take the course.

Review 47 (student disliked the course):
I don't like English / writing. This course was better than expected for an English course and took it cause I didn't want to do public speaking. Had 3 ~1500 word papers and like 5 mini (500 word) assignments. Attendance is taken but only useful thing I learned from class was a good method of writing the first drafts (sit down and force yourself to write a terrible draft start to finish). For each paper we had a peer editing day which was nice.

Review 48 (student disliked the course):
Took this course to fulfill a communications requirement. Concepts are mostly common sense, but grading is very subjective and hard to predict. Overall would not say I learned much.

Review 49 (student liked the course):
This course was awesome. The class was so fun and the prof was so engaging and funny.

Review 50 (student disliked the course):
Easy course. Took it for my math communications requirement. Didn't really learn much.

Review 51 (student disliked the course):
Do not take this online. Your mark literally depends on how generous your TA is with giving out marks and not always on the quality of your work. Avoid at all costs.

Review 52 (student disliked the course):
Really light workload. Online section is very TA-dependent. In-class section I think has less work and your mark will be prof-dependent. You don't really learn much.

Review 53 (student liked the course):
Easy course. Shouldn't take you too much time, just watch out for assignment due dates and don't let it take time away from math assignments.

Review 54 (student liked the course):
Useless course, only took it for requirement. Liked it only because Professor Ethari was the best

Review 55 (student liked the course):
This course improved my writing slightly. The course was easy to follow and the assignments were pretty straight forward. I took it online and I ended up with a very good grade.

Review 56 (student disliked the course):
I took this course as a mandatory part of my communication requirements for the math department. I feel like this course is just destined to be useless because on one hand, you have half of the class being international students who sometimes can barely write a coherent paragraph in English. On the other, you Canadian students who have been taking English their whole life. There is no way an English class with that wide of a range of skills will ever succeed in engaging students with the content. Take SPCOM- it will make you less sad.

Review 57 (student liked the course):
I found that I didn't need to go to lectures. During lecture time, I was able to do other things. Tutorials are a must.

Review 58 (student liked the course):
If you can write a coherent essay, this course is an easy grade. It's somewhat dependent on your prof though.

Review 59 (student disliked the course):
Course is really easy online, just really depends on ur TA.

Review 60 (student disliked the course):
If you have an easy TA you're fine but if you don't, good luck.

Review 61 (student disliked the course):
Overall very easy course, but it is extremely boring and i really mean it. your stuck with this class twice a week for 90 mins/class.

Review 62 (student liked the course):
Pick topics you care about and writing is a lot easier. There was a lot of freedom in subject matter when I took this.

Review 63 (student liked the course):
I really liked this course and studying it helped me understand different concepts of writing

Review 64 (student liked the course):
Wasn't too bad of a course, despite its rep, although it depends a lot on your professor. The content is mildly interesting and the fact that you can write your essays on whatever interests you makes it pretty bearable.

Review 65 (student disliked the course):
For English-lovers, it could be a fun course to improve the nitty gritty mistakes.

Review 66 (student disliked the course):
highest score in my class was 7X...

Review 67 (student disliked the course):
Useless but easy. Heard they changed the course around a lot to make it more high school english like (reading short stories instead of essays). Save yourself by not getting a SJW prof.

Review 68 (student disliked the course):
This was not a useful course - particularly if taken online. The textbook is very poor and fails to provide adequate information about each of the writing styles. The essays are marked in a very subjective manner, therefore, marks are not always awarded where deserved. Avoid this course, there are many more useful English courses at Waterloo.

Review 69 (student disliked the course):
Very boring. Taught useless genres of writing. Online course is easy but depending of TA, will not reflect the overall easiness of the tasks

Review 70 (student liked the course):
Okay, let me tell you a story. This is a unit on this course having to do with cultural appropriation. I had a bunch of SJWs in my class. I didn't agree with cultural appropriation being much of a thing. Not only was I figuratively strung up, but I got death threats and a stalker for a while. I did otherwise make friends though, and the course was okay. You don't need the textbook, really, share it with someone else. There is no final exam.

Review 71 (student disliked the course):
Relatively easy courseload

Review 72 (student disliked the course):
Tooooo many assignments. Depends on your prof.

Review 73 (student liked the course):
Eng 109 involved a lot of writing, but it was nice to experiment in my writing instead of writing the same style of paper over and over. Ensure you write your rough drafts well so you can get the best out of the peer editing process- also get people who are great writers to read your essays! The textbook (They say, I say) is very helpful and has a bunch of great templates or phrases to use (So use them!!).

Review 74 (student disliked the course):
This course is absolute crap. I had to take it because I failed the ELPE, even though I had 1840 on my SAT apparently. As an undergrad engineering student, I find absolutely no use for this course. I took the online version, so am speaking for that. Something is due every 3 days, for a 'completion grade'. I had no time for this with my courses. Takes less time to do the assignments, but you have to 'get to it' every 3 days. The marking for most assignments is based on group activity, so you're critiquing other people's assignments and getting grades for doing so. But, if you're late to submit, the other kids don't give a damn afterward and you're screwed. The comments they give you have to be submitted with the final for now assignments. This is absolutely useless for an Engineering student fluent in English. If you're not as fluent, I'd recommend ANY of the other course, then again I haven't done them so they might be the same. I would have read SAT books for the ELPE if I knew I'd have to put up with this.

Review 75 (student disliked the course):
No midterms/finals; just essays about once per month. I didn't do the in-class writings or go to class (lost marks on participation and in-class writings) AND I handed in the big essay 3 days late. I still ended up with a 70. Very easy to BS if you can write well at a 10th grade level and just cater your writing to what the prof cares about (even if you don't agree with the writing style).

Review 76 (student disliked the course):
Would be the worlds easiest class if there was some structure to it. My ta screwed me every way she could. Said she didn't have office hours every week until the course was over and she realized she did. Lowered my mark when I asked for help.

Review 77 (student disliked the course):
A lot of useless content. No finals. The course is highly dependent on the prof. This is one of the courses which can be easily passed without any efforts but not with a high mark.

Review 78 (student liked the course):
The course was more lecture-based then I thought it would be but there was a lot of discussion as well. Unfortunately, attendance was mandatory and was a part of the participation grade. A lot of what was taught in this course, I already knew from high school English so it was much less challenging than expected. There are a few assignments in this course, none of which take too long if you follow the suggested schedule for submitting everything. Make sure to get started early on the research paper - it can be a pain to do it the night before. All of this being said, it's a VERY easy course to do well in.

Review 79 (student liked the course):
The difficulty of this course depends heavily on the prof. Sara Gallagher was a good prof. Marked easy, gave good feedback, and was approachable. The course content was dry though, otherwise not many complaints for this bird course.

Review 80 (student liked the course):
This class is highly dependent on the prof. There are just a few assignments, and they're spread out over the term.

Review 81 (student disliked the course):
Most subjective course I have ever taken online. I went to the writing library center for help multiple times, and an editor to see how to improve my papers. Ended with an 80+. TA did not respond frequently, and barely assisted in revising papers. Feedback was bland, and was not specific and dropped my GPA because of this course. Essays were always in the 70s, and said my final portfolio was barely edited even though I changed it drastically. Should have taken this course on campus and actually learn and get real feedback from professors compared to having a grad student run this course.

Review 82 (student disliked the course):
I'm terrible at English, and I took it online. This course may or may not actually help you if you struggle to write good stuff.

Review 83 (student disliked the course):
fucking useless course

Review 84 (student disliked the course):
Useless course, so just get through it with a passing grade. Lectures are somewhat engaging and the concepts taught are extremely easy to grasp. The only challenging thing about the course is trying to optimize assignments to get the highest mark the prof is willing to give. The marking "schemes" (which are never actually revealed to students entirely) don't reflect the fact that most students taking this course are STEM and need to learn how to write for their field rather than producing generic English fluff. If you're looking for fun class discussions and a communications elective, ENGL109 is a decent choice, but don't be expecting 90s.

Review 85 (student disliked the course):
Felt like high school English all over again. If you're into writing essays and analyzing stuff you might like it. Didn't really learn how to improve my writing either. It was easy in the sense that the courses didn't demand much time but you have to already be a good writer to expect 85+.

Review 86 (student liked the course):
It is important to read over the essays before you summit them. Be sure to have a claim and a clear thesis statement. Appointments with the writing center will help you a lot with your essays, especially with structures and clear writing.

Review 87 (student disliked the course):
Good course, but I found it to be very boring. Easy marks and the workload was very light, but not the best english class for someone expecting to be challenged in their writing.

Review 88 (student disliked the course):
Class completely dependent on the prof. Overall I'd say it was good.

Review 89 (student disliked the course):
This course is not supposed to be very hard. But please avoid with John North, as a math student I could not afford to have 2-3 essays/assignments to hand in EVERY week. It was unreasonable. Class time is used to talk about random things, not very useful, but he is very kind and accepting with late assignments.

Review 90 (student liked the course):
Teaches very useful information which carries forth through your academic career. It marked very difficulty though.

Review 91 (student liked the course):
I'm a math major who had to take this. Make sure to get a prof that will give you good marks! Switch sections around until you find one (don't choose Shakespeare btw). My professor made the course fun and marked easy. This course is very dependent on your professor. I hate speeches so this was a good course for me.

Review 92 (student liked the course):
Class is pointless, tutorial is important. The markings is all based on the TA. I took this in lieu of ELP and did really well.

Review 93 (student disliked the course):
Review. If you follow instructions and do the work (one nonfiction story, one media analysis, one research essay, all 3-5 pages, plus some other small projects), it's easy. Good for Arts students and people who want to work on their English writing.

Review 94 (student disliked the course):
This will be a bird course if you begin your projects when they are assigned and not immediately before they are due.

Review 95 (student disliked the course):
Course is highly prof dependent in terms of grading and assignments. If you think you have a bad prof, switch out. There are some useful tools/guidelines that can be used to improve your writing.

Review 96 (student disliked the course):
Taking this course as an arts student who spend the entire fall term writing essays, I found taking this course, especially in my second term, a complete waste of time. I didn't learn a single new, valuable piece of information. If you have the option to do the ELPE, I highly recommend that you do that instead.

Review 97 (student liked the course):
Not too hard as a course and good refresher for basic academic writing. A whole lot of assignments though

Review 98 (student disliked the course):
Super boring, but an easy mark as long as you submit all of your assignments on time

Review 99 (student disliked the course):
Bird course, content is all common sense

Review 100 (student disliked the course):
Boring course, but no midterm or final exam.

Review 101 (student disliked the course):
This was an alright course. It was definitely a bird course too, only three essays throughout the entire term with a few little assignments here and there sprinkled throughout the term. I spent little time on this course each week but when the essays were due I had to spend more time writing, which was bothersome when I had some other things due around the same time. I took this course online and I did not really like that aspect, but I think it would be better than going to lectures. They really emphasized revision in the course so you had to submit a draft paper for peer review, a "final for now" paper, and then for a final portfolio, where you had to submit two essays which you revised again. The draft papers I submitted for review were rushed just to meet the deadline and the "final for now" paper was the one getting marked so that is when I spent some time actually trying to write well. The final portfolio is where they ask you to resubmit all your work for these two essays and a final reflection. I submitted my best two essays and this was a mistake. I did not change them significantly because I was unsure what I needed to do for the final revision, so I ended up with a worse mark on my portfolio than the marks I received the first time around for the essays. Overall, an okay course.

Review 102 (student liked the course):
Sedra Smith recommended me this course so I don't end up like one of those pig 4 students. I did very well and am happy about my life choices.

Review 103 (student liked the course):
Great introductory course for preparation of University writing. Can be as useful or as useless as you want to make the class. Can be perceived as easy or difficult depending on your writing ability. I have heard there is less expected in the online course but I can't verify that.

Review 104 (student liked the course):
it's an okay course, depends on your prof for the amount of work, slightly helpful for knowing how to write overall and improve on your writing

Review 105 (student disliked the course):
Only took it because i thought it would help me in my writing style, and not a bunch of annoying assignments and an utterly useless 10% final exam which you have to pass to pass the course. Do not take this course, take the ELPE instead and save yourself hours of wasted time.

Review 106 (student disliked the course):
Almost too easy, to the point where I feel like my time could have been used elsewhere. Unfortunately this is a mandatory course as Waterloo doesn't do ELPE exams in replacement of it anymore.

Review 107 (student disliked the course):
In terms of learning new skills, it's not overly helpful but it does help you practice your writing. If you're looking for an easy course to boost your mark, I would suggest taking it online.

Review 108 (student disliked the course):
Not fun. This course should be renamed to “How to Write Anything (Except a Good Paper)”. While the course content is arguably better than the SPCOM alternatives, the teachers for this course make Karl Marx look right-wing. They have not a shred of logic in them (hence their pursuing a PhD in English), and despite being “professors” still cannot tell the difference between a verb and a noun. If you are caught doing anything besides giving undivided absolute attention to my particular teacher during the mind-numbingly boring mandatory classes, she seeks to personally antagonize you for the rest of the semester. I took the advanced level English course in my high school and was receiving mid-90s, but in this introductory bird course am somehow getting 20 percent lower than that. None of the assignments are properly explained and they are left open-ended, but when marked you are expected to have followed some sort of arbitrary rigid scheme that was kept a secret. In addition, if you use any words longer than two syllables in your papers the TAs get confused and take some marks off. The teacher has a very narrow perception and if you don’t agree with her viewpoint are considered “wrong” in her eyes. You are forced to do a large number of “quick-writes” or else fail the course, and when they say “quick” they really mean it. Many times the professor asks you to write upwards of two paragraphs with 30 seconds left of class, meaning you stay overtime. If you are going to take this course, do yourself a favor and take it online.

Review 109 (student disliked the course):
Easy course. Useful for other classes. Take this!

Review 110 (student liked the course):
I took the online version of this course. It was a great course, tests your basic essay skills and explores other forms of creative writing. The activities are quick and easy and you get a lot of help and prep for your 3 major essays. The exam is fairly easy, one essay and you get to bring the textbook for it to refer to material. Its a great refresher course if you haven't written an essay in a while and need help refining your skills, the textbook can be useful if you're an Arts student in general.

Review 111 (student liked the course):
Don't take it online, TA's are much harder makers and expect too much.

Review 112 (student disliked the course):
Took this because I failed ELPE, but I think it would be a good choice for elective. It is easy, and the only exam was final exam which worth only 10%.

Review 113 (student disliked the course):
I felt like I was back in 8th grade learning about how to write an essay. The most useless class I've ever taken, everything that was taught I was taught in grade 9, and I went to public school. Just take the English Proficiency Test instead, less time and no wasted money.

Review 114 (student liked the course):
Bird course. Had to write 3 different styles of essays (narrative, advertisement analysis and argument). The final was worth 10% but you need to pass it to pass the course. Also had to participate in small discussion posts. Overall the course was easy.

Review 115 (student liked the course):
Did great in this course, and absolutely loved it.

Review 116 (student disliked the course):
I took the online version. It was not difficult

Review 117 (student disliked the course):
Easy but really, really, really annoying. You have to attend the tutorials to pass, and they aren't even worth it. Didnt even read the book but wrote 3 essays on it. I only took it cause I needed it for the business option. You can get 80+ if you are decent at writing.

Review 118 (student liked the course):
Dolmage is a good prof.

Review 119 (student disliked the course):
We wrote 3 essays, each in a different style. This made the content feel somewhat disjoint.

Review 120 (student liked the course):
This course was challenging, but well worth it. You'll learn how to write for university. Take it early on in first year. It will help you with other classes.

Review 121 (student disliked the course):
This course is easy if you are good at writing essays and are creative.

Review 122 (student liked the course):
Make sure you check your due dates!

Review 123 (student disliked the course):
Took this course online and it was my easiest course of the term. Little time is needed to get a good mark. Textbook is a must have for this course. Can skim over the "required" readings for open book quizzes. Basically write three essays and revise two of them for your final portfolio. Final exam was only 10% and gave you multiple options to write an essay about.

Review 124 (student disliked the course):
Really easy class. I wouldn't have taken it by choice, but it was mandatory. Not overly beneficial but it's a good mark booster.

Review 125 (student liked the course):
Although this was "mandatory", it was an easy course and a nice bird-course.

Review 126 (student liked the course):
The course was easy. The tutorials were fun and had helped me to improve my academic writings.

Review 127 (student liked the course):
If English is your native language you are guaranteed at least an 80. Make sure you attend all tutorials!

Review 128 (student liked the course):
it was fine

Review 129 (student liked the course):
I definitely feel like I learned how to write. Course was super simple too and literally just essay writing, which, if you put effort into it, can actually be quite fun.

Review 130 (student disliked the course):
Don't recomend it

Review 131 (student liked the course):
Learned about three different types of essays – research, summary and comparison – as well as some basic grammar. What you learn during the lectures varies a lot depending on your T.A. The marking for this course aside from the grammar test is completely subjective. If you're lucky, this course can be very easy; otherwise, you may not be very satisfied with your final mark.

Review 132 (student liked the course):
Relatively easy course, but a good course to take in the summer. Light workload and effort pays off.

Review 133 (student disliked the course):
If you did well in grade 10 English, you'll ace this course. If you did well in AP English, you'll absolutely murder this course without effort.

Review 134 (student disliked the course):
I think this is the worst class I've taken during my undergrad career thus far. I did not like any of the writing assignments (which were plentiful) and feel I learned absolutely nothing from this course. Do not take it if you don't have to.

Review 135 (student liked the course):
Make sure you keep track of what date and time things are due!

